--- PAGE 3 --- WELCOME n behalf of the American Forest & Paper Association (AF&PA) and its mem- O bers, we are honored to present our industry’s achievements for the Better Practices, Better Planet 2020 sustainability initiative.
We achieved most of our goals, includ- ing progress toward a safety vision of zero injuries.
Since 2006, we have improved our incidence rate by 38.4 percent.
In 2011, we publicly announced the adoption of a GHG sustainability goal to be achieved by the end of the decade.
When members surpassed that goal, we again raised the bar, increasing it to 20 percent, which we have now successfully achieved with a 23.2 percent reduction.
And, while we celebrate the progress made as an industry, we see a greater purpose in our collective commitment to work that strengthens our resilience and impact for a brighter future.
The paper and wood products industry also supports improved recycling and reuse infrastruc- ture and encourages best practices so that our industry can reuse paper that is recovered for recycling and repurpose recovered wood to make new products.
BY NATURE circular economy and define the paper Products made from a renewable resource and wood products industry’s dedi- cation to protecting our environment Manufacturing emphasizes energy conservation and reuse of inputs and materials including fiber, and meeting our economic and socie- chemicals and water tal commitments.
Our existing Better Practices, Better Planet 2020 goals, and Many of the industry’s innovative and essential products are reusable and/or readily recyclable development of new goals for 2030, show our continued commitment to in- Recycled fiber is an integral part of manufacturing creasing the circularity of our industry.
Manufactured at WestRock’s Mahrt, Alabama paper mill, ENK’s proprietary coating is achieved on the paper machine, eliminating the need for additional manufacturing steps.
ENK has the natural aesthetics that match consumers’ environmental preferences; meets the requirements for takeout food, bakery and frozen food packaging; and allows WestRock customers to improve their sustainability profiles with- out sacrificing performance.
AF&PA members The United Nations Sustainable Develop- subscribe to the sustainability concepts recognized by a number of international ment Goals were adopted by all member forums, and we have noted where our goals align with the objectives of the United states in 2015 as part of the organization’s Nations Sustainable Development Goals (U.N. SDG).
Of the seventeen goals, eight align signifi- cantly with the paper and wood products industry’s sustainability efforts: Quality Education Clean Water and Sanitation Since our goals were established in 2011, AF&PA has reported member progress in a biennial report.
Climate Action Life on Land 2018 AF&PA Sustainability Award Winners 4 --- PAGE 7 --- PROGRESS BY THE NUMBERS AF&PA Sustainability Goal 2018 Performance* Baseline (2005*) Progress from baseline year Improve safety incidence 1.617 recordable 2.625 recordable 38.4% improvement in recordable rate by 25%, while working cases per 200,000 cases per 200,000 incidence rate to achieve zero injuries hours worked hours worked (2006) GOAL SURPASSED Increase wood fiber 99% from certified 87% from certified 12 percentage point improvement procurement from certified fiber sourcing fiber sourcing from certified sourcing programs; forestlands and certified programs; programs; 5.1 percentage point improvement fiber sourcing programs; 28.1% from certified 23% from certified from certified forestlands decrease illegal logging forestlands forestlands GOAL ACHIEVED Improve purchased energy 11.21 million BTUs 12.94 million BTUs 13.3% decrease in purchased energy efficiency by at least 10% per ton of product per ton of product GOAL SURPASSED Reduce greenhouse gas 0.636 ton CO eq 0.828 ton CO eq per 23.2% decrease in GHG emissions 2 2 emissions by at least 20% per ton of product ton of product GOAL SURPASSED Reduce pulp and paper mill 10,503 gallons 11,281 gallons per 6.9% reduction in water use water use by at least 12% per ton of product ton of product Exceed 70% paper recovery 66.2% (2019) 51.5% 14.7 percentage point increase in for recycling paper recycling rate * unless otherwise indicated 2019 AF&PA Sustainability Award Winners 5 --- PAGE 8 --- WORKER SAFETY 2019 AWARD WINNER 2019 AF&PA SUSTAINABILITY AWARD WINNER Shielding workers from potential danger WestRock’s Kraft containerboard mill in Hopewell, Virginia developed a safety shield to cover the recovery boiler ports and eliminate risk of burn injuries to boil- er operators and bystanders.
The safety shields can be implemented at any Kraft paperboard or containerboard mill and are 2018 AF&PA SUSTAINABILITY AWARD WINNER helping WestRock to achieve their compa- Implementing a proactive approach ny-wide goal to eliminate serious injuries and fatalities.
with their equipment guards, increased communication across all levels and em- powered employees to stop individuals AF&PA WORKER SAFETY GOAL HIGHLIGHT who are creating potential safety incidents.
They also provided useful and timely safety updates and 1.0 invested in programs to promote the well-being of their 0.5 employees and the communities where they operate.
As part of this ongoing effort to help our members reduce 0.0 serious injuries and fatalities (SIFs), AF&PA convened safety 2006 2008 2010 2012 2014 2016 2018 workshops aimed at discussing how to identify and reme- diate SIF precursors; developed survey instruments for collecting SIF-related data from member companies; compiled a compendium of publicly available workplace health and safety information; and organized safety webinars.
Our long-standing commitment to safety as a priority gave our industry an excellent foundation upon which to address COVID-19 safety needs for our people.
Wood Fiber from Certified Sourcing Programs 100 Well-managed forests provide a multitude of environ- mental, social and economic benefits, mitigating climate 95 change through carbon sequestration and promoting bio- diversity.2 When forest owners are confident they will 90 have a market for their wood, they are more likely to invest in practices that prevent disease and infestation and in regular 85 maintenance that reduces the risk of wildfire and other natural 80 disturbances, as well as to replant more trees.3 2005 2010 2012 2014 2016 2018 AF&PA members adhere to sustainable fiber procurement principles, which assure that wood is received from suppliers committed to sustainable management and harvesting prac- tices.
In turn, members’ adherence to these principles creates incentives and provides resources for forest owners to commit to sustainable forest management, such as the practices men- tioned above.
Wood fiber that members sourced from third-party certified forestlands increased from 23 percent in 2005 to 28.1 percent in 2018.
tnecreP PROGRESS TOWARD SUSTAINABILITY GOALS GOAL ACHIEVED SUSTAINABLE FORESTRY GOAL Increase the amount of fiber procured from certified forestlands and through certified fiber sourcing programs in the United States from 2005 to 2020 and work to decrease illegal logging1 Wood Fiber from Third-Party Certified Forestlands 30 25 20 15 10 2005 2010 2012 2014 2016 2018 2005
for Lacey Act funding and the United As a founder and supporter of the Appalachian Woodlands Alliance, the States Department of Agriculture Forest company engages hundreds of small landowners in Kentucky, North Caroli- Service International Programs.
management provisions in the new Domtar also helped 220 landowners across Arkansas, Louisiana, Oklahoma U.S.-Mexico-Canada Agreement (USMCA), including language acknowledging the and Texas achieve certification for 628,000 acres of woodland through the importance of combatting illegal logging Four States Timberland Owners Association.
AF&PA SUSTAINABLE FORESTRY GOAL HIGHLIGHT 12 percentage point increase from certified fiber sourcing programs 5.1 percentage point increase from certified forestlands (both from 2005 baseline) 9 --- PAGE 12 --- ENERGY EFFICIENCY 2018 AF&PA SUSTAINABILITY AWARD WINNER New systems yield energy savings Clearwater Paper replaced an old Kraft batch digester system at their Lewiston, Idaho pulp mill with a continuous digester that significantly reduced the mill’s reliance on fossil fuels.
Shedding light on reduced energy use AF&PA ENERGY EFFICIENCY Seaman Paper reduced their electricity consumption by over 1.2 million GOAL HIGHLIGHT kilowatt hours per year by switching a significant portion of their lighting to 13.3% LED.
The lightweight papers and decorative packaging supplier used energy decrease conservation incentives provided by their utility to replace existing lighting with LED or specify LED lighting in their converting plants and warehouses in purchased energy in north central Massachusetts.
At least a 20 percent reduction of our members’ greenhouse gas emissions from 2005 to 202010 The paper and wood products industry was among the first to take voluntary action to reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions.
Forests provide an important ecosys- tem service by sequestering carbon and growing trees that release oxygen, supporting life on our planet.
Resolute Forest Products took concrete action to reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions at their pulp, paper, tissue and wood products mills across the United States and Canada by improving the energy efficiency of their op- erations, producing renewable energy and managing water efficiently, as well as reducing waste and reliance on fossil fuels.
These actions have allowed Res- olute to reduce their absolute GHG emissions (Scope 1 and 2) by 81 percent relative to 2000 levels, benefiting both the environment and their bottom line.
Between 2005 and 2018, the mill achieved a 15 percent reduction in overall water use and an 18 percent reduction in water use per ton of paper production, 2018 AF&PA SUSTAINABILITY AWARD WINNER while increasing production by 10 percent.
Specifically, when adjusted to provide greater weight to reductions occurring at mills in water- stressed areas, AF&PA members reduced their process water use by 13.1 percent.14 While we have not achieved our ambitious goal, our progress has shown significant effort to improve water resource management.
We collaborate with The Recycling Partnership to build com- munities’ capacity to improve recycling across the United 35 States and participate in the U.S. EPA’s America Recycles Workgroup to take action with others to address the chal- 25 1990 2002 2008 2012 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 lenges and opportunities facing the U.S. recycling system.
We also provide resources for stakeholders and the public to improve the quantity and quality of recycled paper and packaging through our online platforms including paperrecycles.org. 2005
WestRock increased consumer access to and recovery of paper-based food- service packaging.
The company was featured on Lifetime’s RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT (R&D) EXPENDITURES “Military Makeover” series which features The paper and wood products industry devotes significant resources to the research veterans who are making the transition and development (R&D) of new and improved products.
Five of our six goals demonstrate AF&PA members’ commitment to environmental stewardship across the entire value chain from the raw, renewable wood fiber that is harvested to the energy and water used in the manufacturing process to the recovery of paper and paper-based pack- aging that is used to make new products.
Not only are our members’ products derived from sustainable forests, the industry is striving to increase their contri- bution to a circular economy, making more with less whenever possible and creat- ing innovative new products that maximize efficient use of resources.
And technology improve- AWARD WINNER ments and innovations in recycling processes allow our mills to recover more fiber Cutting the weight, from paper and paper-based packaging to make new products.
RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURING ENSURES Naheola, which produces consumer prod- NO PART OF THE TREE GOES TO WASTE ucts such as bath tissue and paper towels, The paper and wood products industry uses every part of the tree responsibly to replaced two legacy boilers and created a make essential and innovative products for everyday life.
In short, paper and wood products keep lands forested, store carbon, are biode- gradable and support our nation’s recycling system.
We are proud of our achievements and leadership in sustainability and look forward to setting new standards for the decade to come.
Specifically, the WRI Overall Water Risk factor, which increases in more “water-stressed” regions, was multiplied by mill-specific water use, effectively giving more weight to reductions in water stressed regions when calculating an association-wide average.