Our Code 22 Introduction Benefits and Compensation 15 Trustworthy AI 23 Pay and Promotion 15 Human Rights 25 FY24 Highlights 06 Engagement and Retention 16 Public Policy 26 About NVIDIA 07 Learning and Development 16 Sustainability Governance 07 Community Resource Groups 17 Sustainability Indicators Societal Impact 08 TCFD Index 39 Climate and Efficiency Product Value Chain U.N. Sustainable Development Goals 40 Product Energy Efficiency 10 Responsible Sourcing 18 About This Report Greenhouse Gas Emissions 11 Product Environmental Impact 20 Energy and Environment 12 Product Quality and Safety 21 --- PAGE 3 --- Message From Introduction Climate and People, Diversity Product Value Responsible Sustainability Our CEO Efficiency and Inclusion Chain Business Indicators Message From Our CEO Dear NVIDIA Family, Partners, and Supporters, poised to impact every industry and enable By accelerating workloads with NVIDIA a new era of productivity and sustainability GPUs operating in parallel, we exponentially We are at a pivotal moment in history.
NVIDIA’s by unlocking efficiencies and resource increase throughput while driving down technological leaps in accelerated computing optimization across sectors.
Our commitment to driving these Accelerated computing took workloads that changes is unwavering.
That is The era of CPU scaling that propelled the no human can by uncovering patterns and precisely why, as CPU scaling has slowed, we computer industry for decades is fading as relationships in vast data sets to learn must transition to accelerated computing—we computing demand skyrockets.
power grid, reduce power outages, accelerate will rise as increasingly complex models on their computational might and energy When analyzed longitudinally, AI will be utterly recovery from storms, and ultimately decrease are trained on more data to make them efficiency.
5% smaller die and reduced power by 6% capabilities to save energy.
The This new material reduces lithium usage by up NVIDIA’s digital twin of our planet can that NVIDIA has accelerated Pandas up to investment in the cost and energy of training to 70% compared to conventional batteries.
Earth-2 runs NVIDIA as the same architecture is needed for what technology can achieve for via our DGX Cloud.
model the physical world so that engineers Earth-2 also democratizes high-resolution can develop AIs and robotic systems that The new computing stack, generative AI, has weather prediction and improves predicting can understand and operate in industrial fundamentally changed how computers work— and tracking severe storms to mitigate applications.
Generative AI is transforming answering what-if scenarios and anticipating improvement and reduce costs, material the computer industry that produces unprecedented weather to enable actionable consumption, and energy usage—all critical software into one that manufactures digital outcomes, spanning policy formulation, urban factors in achieving sustainability goals.
The programmable nature of our networking and led to the introduction of a help solve the most challenging computational human intelligence, enabling a deeper architecture allows us to support several new processor class—the data processing problems.
Over the past five years, we’ve infrastructure company with data center- parallel processing capabilities, supported by underlying technology by using a variety of built full software stacks that run on top scale offerings that are reshaping industry.
world’s largest industries, including the programming model that runs on all NVIDIA AI, in which software writes itself by learning The large and growing number of developers NVIDIA DRIVE stack for autonomous driving, GPUs, as well as hundreds of domain-specific from large amounts of data, can serve as the and installed base across our platforms Clara for healthcare, and Omniverse for software libraries, software development kits, brain of computers, robots, and self-driving strengthens our ecosystem and increases industrial digitalization; and introduced the and application programming interfaces.
We’ve invested over the performance and eases the deployment developed by thousands of enterprises to applications.
The increased frequency and severity of extreme weather and climate events Investors underscores a critical need for accurate weather forecasting, especially with the rise in We host quarterly calls with severe weather occurrences such as blizzards, investors to discuss corporate hurricanes, and heatwaves.
weather events occur with greater frequency Startups and, often, with little warning, meteorology Our Inception Governments centers can use accelerated computing to program includes We brief regulators generate more accurate, timely forecasts startups focused and thinktanks on that improve readiness and response.
to AI. weather simulations, AI is accelerating the energy transition by making industrial- NVIDIA scale renewable energy more efficient and economically viable.
We develop hardware, software, and networking technology to improve performance and energy efficiency, helping our customers solve problems and decrease emissions intensity.
Ampere Volta 4,000 TFLOPS 620 TFLOPS 130 TFLOPS FP8 BF16/FP16 FP16 Energy efficiency of NVIDIA Blackwell GPUs over CPUs for 2017 2020 2022 2024 certain AI and HPC workloads Over the course of the last 8 years, we’ve increased computation by 1000X. NVIDIA Blackwell GPUs are generally 20X more world could save almost 30 trillion watt-hours energy efficient than traditional CPUs for of energy a year, equivalent to the electricity 30T certain AI and high-performance computing requirements of nearly 4 million U.S. homes.
(HPC) workloads, and NVIDIA DPUs can reduce Energy efficiency is critical as AI models and power consumption by 25% by offloading Watt-hours of energy a year saved if HPC applications increase exponentially in essential data center networking and HPC and AI workloads were switched size.
The NVIDIA GB200 In FY24, NVIDIA achieved: We assess our carbon footprint across Grace Blackwell Superchip is estimated to our product lifecycle and assess climate offer 25X better energy efficiency over the 76% 60%+ risks, including current and emerging prior Hopper generation for massive LLMs, regulations and market impacts.
Renewable electricity Scope 3 category 1 emissions covered in supplier engagement In FY24, the U.S. Department of Energy clocked Climate Targets how fast four of its key high-performance We commit to the following computing and AI applications ran and how greenhouse gas emissions, or GHG much energy they consumed on CPU-only emissions, reduction goals: and GPU-accelerated nodes on Perlmutter, Progress on our Renewable Electricity Target one of the world’s largest supercomputers.
At Scope 1 and 2: performance parity, a GPU-accelerated cluster 100% 100% By the end of FY25, and annually demonstrated an average 5x improvement thereafter, we expect to achieve and in energy efficiency.
By delivering on of dollars and avoid consumption of 588 60% this commitment, we aim to reduce megawatt hours of electricity per month.
40% Scope 3: 20% By the end of FY26, we expect to engage manufacturing suppliers 0% comprising at least 67% of NVIDIA’s FY20 FY21 FY22 FY23 FY24 FY25 scope 3 category 1 GHG emissions, with the goal of effecting supplier adoption of science-based targets.
efforts to properly measure and reduce We aim to reduce the amount of waste we strategically focus on locating new sites, Find NVIDIA’s management assertion and the energy consumption in our data centers.
Our opportunities to increase our landfill diversion We’re committed to reducing our under operational control from renewable Hyderabad, India campus is also LEED
improve our performance using a and improved indoor environmental quality.
comprehensive environmental management For products we use for testing, R&D, and For our Santa Clara campus, the two buildings system (EMS) certified to ISO 14001, which production purposes, we have programs in are connected by a three-acre park which is covers our headquarter buildings located in place to support internal re-use of equipment provided with shade by trellis that houses 390 Santa Clara, CA and in Yokneam, Israel.
We properly the total onsite solar generation capacity Emissions Policy provides the framework for our EMS, dispose of IT assets and used laptops are at our headquarters to 846 kW. In FY24, in 3,692,423 and our dedicated Environmental, Health, sold to a vendor for refurbishment and reuse, support of our renewable electricity goal, we MTCO e 2 and Safety and corporate responsibility with a portion of the financial proceeds added solar panels at our Hyderabad campus.
For used to execute our environmental policies and In FY24, we increased the amount of our equipment, we use a global specialist e-waste practices, with actionable goals and metrics renewable electricity use to 76%, through recycling vendor.
Scope 3 renewable electricity tariffs, energy attribute ensure proper tracking of the chain of custody, To bring a more structured approach to For a complete breakdown of our inventory, please see our Sustainability certificates and purchase power agreements.
key data center locations, we have an energy increase our sourcing of renewable energy Management considers the GHG Protocol to management system certified to the ISO for our growing footprint, in support of assess, calculate, and report GHG emissions.
The three- acre park that connects the two buildings is We use water in our direct operations planted with drought-tolerant trees and the in cooling towers and for food service, greenery is irrigated by reclaimed water.
We use reclaimed water in cooling system, that will save money and run more towers and landscape irrigation systems and efficiently than today’s air-cooled approaches.
We believe that create opportunities in new geographies, and diverse teams fuel innovation, and we’re provide increased flexibility for employees committed to creating an inclusive culture to work from the location of their choice.
that supports all employees, regardless When recruiting for new talent we strive to of gender, gender identity or expression, build a diverse talent pipeline that includes veteran status, race, ethnicity, or disability.
We improved our employee referral program, built a new talent-based hiring process, and partnered NVIDIA continues to be among America’s with our community resource groups to best places to work as judged by improve how we reach diverse candidates.
To diversify our university pipeline, we population, and our recruitment efforts in the The demand for global technical talent In FY24, the majority of eligible people continue to invest in entry level feeder U.S. attracted underrepresented applicants continues to be strong.
also attend conferences that serve diverse NVIDIA Sustainability | People, Diversity and Inclusion 14 --- PAGE 15 --- Message From Introduction Climate and People, Diversity Product Value Responsible Sustainability Our CEO Efficiency and Inclusion Chain Business Indicators FY24 Hiring Data* communities and host on-site events for support programs based on targeted historically underrepresented groups.
Our to ensure employee needs are met and comprehensive benefits program includes an By Gender (Global) continuously seek feedback from employees employee stock purchase program, access to advance our support.
In FY25, we increased 75.6% 23% to quality healthcare, remote work options, our 401(k) match to $11,500, up from $9,000.
priority, and we aim to support them by By Region (Global) offering a suite of services where people We provide employees with benefits such 50.4% 21.3% 17.1% 11.2% can choose what works best for them.
Our parental leave program, available to all Pay and Promotion employees, enables birth parents to take up to Two or More Races 2.0% 22 weeks of paid leave, starting as early as four We are committed to providing market By Race/Ethnicity (United States of America)
Hispanic or Latino aligned pay and equitable opportunities for weeks before their due date.
To ease the 55.9% 30% an annual review of peer compensation transition back to work after their leave, all Asian White Decline to State in the markets we operate in.
Each year, new parents also receive up to eight weeks 5.0% every employee’s performance is assessed, of flex time and access to parenting support Black or African American and managers provide feedback on goals 1.6% modules that provide tips and guidance.
We have increased focus on diversity recruiting, resulting in an increase in American Indian or Alaska Native community resource groups to tailor global female hiring in each channel.
To ensure our continued success, learning experiences that include workshops, for women and men has been similar in the compensation growth and individual we maintain a working environment where panel discussions, and speaker forums.
vest over time and provide value aligned to constantly upgrade our offerings to ensure engagement, we use pulse surveys and a our stock price.
insight into employee experience and provide Since 2020, we’ve used a third-party firm employee-generated ideas so that we can take to analyze our pay practices and promotion targeted action.
The stay focused on specific areas, while reacting Women | Men (Global) 99.5 | 100 99.5 | 100 99.0 | 100 review has determined that we’ve achieved pay quickly to current events.
Community Resource Groups We offer tuition reimbursement programs We support nine community resource to subsidize educational programs and Allyship groups (CRGs), which have executive-level advanced certifications.
To support employee development, we provide that lead to increased equity.
We also develop and allies), NVIDIA Disabilities Network training courses, targeted development diversity and inclusion educational resources, made available to employees online.
conference on the impact women, Black, include women, early career, and employees from traditionally underrepresented and Latino communities have on AI. groups, to ensure widespread readiness for future advancement.
NVIDIA Sustainability | People, Diversity and Inclusion 17 --- PAGE 18 --- Message From Introduction Climate and People, Diversity Product Value Responsible Sustainability Our CEO Efficiency and Inclusion Chain Business Indicators Product Value Chain Responsible Sourcing Responsible Minerals Our Responsible Minerals Policy, sourcing goals, and steps for monitoring our supply NVIDIA is committed to the responsible We define human rights as the fundamental chain for conflict minerals is framed around sourcing of minerals.
We support, contribute rights, freedoms, and standards of treatment the Organization for Economic Cooperation to, and rely on industry-wide efforts to belonging to all humans.
Due Diligence validate the source of minerals used in our human rights throughout our supply chain Guidance for Responsible Supply Chains of products, aiming to ensure that they come and expect our suppliers to respect human Minerals from Conflict-Affected and High- from socially responsible sources and do rights whenever they provide products or Risk Areas (CAHRA).
The PPA provides funding and highest standards of behavior, and only 3TG smelters and refiners in our supply coordination support to organizations engage suppliers that share our values.
During the working within the Democratic Republic of We closely manage our supply chain to reporting period, 100% of our suppliers and Congo and adjacent countries to develop deliver innovative products that satisfy component manufacturers responded with verifiable conflict-free supply chains, align our customers’ expectations in a socially the requested information.
non-3TG smelter data for cobalt and mica encourage responsible sourcing from the from our strategic suppliers and report the region, promote transparency, and bolster programs aimed at improving transparency initial results to customers.
We support these on-the-ground human rights risks, including forced labor.
NVIDIA Sustainability | Product Value Chain 18 --- PAGE 19 --- Message From Introduction Climate and People, Diversity Product Value Responsible Sustainability Our CEO Efficiency and Inclusion Chain Business Indicators Additionally, we participate in various RMI Strategic Suppliers standards and evaluated them for additional Program (VAP) on-site, third-party audits work groups and align our program with the information-, product-, and physical-security to validate the SAQ.
We monitor expect an improvement plan to align with analysis, to determine their overall risk.
The cybersecurity requirements, those who design our branded To ensure consistency, suppliers can share VAP Conflict Minerals Regulations, to determine survey determines supplier risk to be products, and those who we’re required to audits with customers.
deployed and tracked through a Quarterly Risk Assessment and Auditing Responsible Supply Chain Business Review (QBR) process to ensure they All our manufacturing suppliers are Common audit findings include issues related We have expanded our supplier relationships meet our expectations, which may influence expected to comply with the RBA Code of to freely chosen employment, working hours, to build redundancy and resilience in our business allocation decisions.
We suppliers to ensure compliance.
NVIDIA continues to progress We expect carriers to report shipment data suppliers to effect supplier adoption other sustainability initiatives such as to support carbon emissions calculations Impact of science-based targets.
In FY24, we identifying opportunities to use paper-based and have sustainability initiatives, which are To understand the greenhouse gas emissions engaged suppliers totaling over 60% cushioning in data center products, increase both covered in quarterly business reviews.
We continue to add material for our chip designs and select system identify opportunities to reduce emissions.
We embrace opportunities material, work-in-progress, and finished this supplier data to better understand our to reduce packaging materials and increase goods shipments to optimize transport product manufacturing impact and allocate the proportion of recycled and recyclable and logistics, which results in reduced fuel carbon emissions to our customers.
U.S. and Europe, we’ve established recycling Our products undergo rigorous qualification programs in partnership with reputable and testing to ensure compliance third parties and provide information to with customer safety and reliability consumers about how to recycle our branded standards.
mind, we’ve established product safety We help our customers monetize the technical committees to oversee safety residual value in their older DGX servers throughout the product lifecycle.
Speed & Our code is translated into different Our commitment to promoting a culture Agility languages and available on our of integrity means everyone is expected to 99%+ website.
These include accounting, We strive to achieve the highest standards internal controls, auditing, code of conduct, of ethical conduct in all our business Employees are encouraged to report harassment, conflict of interest, or other Do what’s best for dealings and are committed to promoting suspected code and other policy violations potential code of conduct, policy, or legal One the company.
Responsible Business 22 --- PAGE 23 --- Message From Introduction Climate and People, Diversity Product Value Responsible Sustainability Our CEO Efficiency and Inclusion Chain Business Indicators external organization for our Speak Up Trustworthy AI Scope and Governance Standards and Frameworks hotline to ensure those using the hotline feel To build Trustworthy AI (TAI), we are We look to global frameworks such as the We endeavor to deliver AI models that: confident their reports will be anonymous developing practices, methodologies, EU’s High-Level Expert group on Artificial if they prefer to report anonymously.
We Intelligence Governance Framework to data protection laws, our code, laws, regulations, and policies. aim to build tools and processes that guide our software development processes, Our Compliance Committee, comprised enable us, our customers and partners, from concept to performance validation to of our CFO, EVP Operations, and SVP of and the ecosystem to build TAI models.
Perform safely and Human Resources, ensures communication driven initiatives like ML Commons, as Our TAI efforts are led by a head of AI & Legal as intended, of and adherence to NVIDIA’s ethics policies; well as standards bodies like the IEEE Ethics and is supported by a dedicated product establishes procedures for the receipt, Organizational governance of Artificial team.
In FY24, NVIDIA work cross-functionally with product, product Provide transparency promptly and thoroughly conducts ethics- joined the NIST AI Safety Consortium security, safety, and infrastructure teams to about a model’s design related investigations in partnership with and Content Authenticity Initiative, which ensure our AI aligns to our principles.
The are focused on the development and use Committee of our Board receives periodic Nominating and Corporate Governance of safe and trustworthy AI systems.
Committee oversees the Compliance Minimize unwanted bias Our global public policy team monitors Committee and receives ethics complaints.
The Compliance Committee periodically to ensure we maintain compliance.
In FY24, reviews and assesses the effectiveness of we piloted an AI Ethics Committee to its procedures and adjusts as necessary.
Employees who wish to understand internal training module to introduce ways NVIDIA’s investigations process have to incorporate TAI principles into our work.
Chain Business Indicators Model Risk Management We’ve designed and continue to improve several tools for internal developers to aid in the NVIDIA aims to reduce the risk of harm creation of TAI models: from deployment of AI models or systems.
and which includes a current Our model risk management guidance is performance score and a target goal.
Model Card Improvements on improved readability with clear language, increased detail around ethical considerations, 100+ Model cards ensure NVIDIA is communicating and greater accessibility on our website.
We also briefed and demoed Model enhanced our model cards to make them more a model’s uses and limitations, Model Card++ standard Card++ to federal government employees understandable to consumers, investors, and including ethical considerations and the Society of Automotive Engineers.
Our investigations team will promptly Upstream Human Rights We expect our suppliers to maintain investigate human rights allegations it progressive employment, health, safety, We take the issue of forced labor very The NCG Committee has oversight of becomes aware of through our Speak and ethical practices that meet or exceed seriously and conduct regular audits to ensure policies and practices in connection with Up line and present any findings to the applicable laws, the RBA Code of Conduct, all workers in our supply chain are treated with human rights and provides periodic updates Compliance Committee that require the our code of conduct, and our Human Rights respect and dignity.
We also encourage suppliers to use the Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) and our Corporate Sustainability Steering retaliation against anyone for making a the RBA Code of Conduct as a platform work with them and similar industry groups Committee is responsible for reviewing and complaint in good faith, bringing a potential to go above and beyond compliance.
We are standards, and we support efforts at an deems reasonable and necessary to ensure also a member of the Responsible Labor industry level to identify and remediate actual In FY24, we reviewed VAP audits on 67% compliance with our Human Rights Policy.
ensuring comprehensive engagement on our commitment to responsible AI development.
We also announced support for to minimize any such risk.
In Europe, we engaged with stakeholders NVIDIA engages in the public policy process in the European Commission, European to produce better outcomes for people Parliament and Council of the European Union In a major stride toward building a shared national research infrastructure, the U.S. National Science Foundation has launched the National Artificial Intelligence throughout the world while advancing the Research Resource pilot program with significant support from NVIDIA.
The initiative aims to broaden access to the tools needed to power responsible AI discovery on the development of policy issues and and innovation.
bringing the company’s technical expertise In the UK, we participated in the AI Safety to bear on issues of importance, such as Summit at which the Bletchley Declaration competitiveness, climate change, and AI. was signed by 28 countries committed to We continued engagements in the U.S. on safe and responsible AI development.
House Science, Space, and Technology - NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang and Senate Commerce Committees, AI NVIDIA Sustainability | Responsible Business 26 --- PAGE 28 --- Message From Introduction Climate and People, Diversity Product Value Responsible Sustainability Our CEO Efficiency and Inclusion Chain Business Indicators About NVIDIA (continued)
We are continually striving to improve the accuracy of our GHG emissions reporting.
14-17 SASB TC-SC-140a.1 Baseline Water Stress Interactions with water as a shared resource Water Conservation GRI 303-1 UNGC E11 5 FY22 and FY23 figures are revised to align to the operational control boundaries of our Scope 1 and 2 GHG inventory.
We identify and assess hazards and risks through routine inspections, external audits, incident reporting, and investigations.
Incidents and the results of incident investigations are recorded in our global security database.
Our processes for hazard assessment and incident investigation are documented in our Illness and Injury Prevention Program.
68-70 c. Climate Related Targets—Describe the targets used by the organization to manage climate-related risks and C4.
Chain Business Indicators U.N. Sustainable Development Goals We continue to align our business activities to the UN Sustainable Development Goals.
SDG Our Support Our Impact Our employees’ well-being, physical, emotional, and financial health is a top priority, and we aim NVIDIA launched more than two dozen new microservices that allow healthcare enterprises worldwide to support them by offering a suite of services where people can choose what works best for to take advantage of the latest advances in generative AI from anywhere and on any cloud.
We partner with NVIDIA’s community resource groups to tailor support programs based advanced imaging, natural language and speech recognition, and digital biology generation, prediction, on targeted needs, including gender affirmation support, enhanced health insurance coverage and simulation, accelerating transformation for healthcare companies as generative AI introduces for members with developmental delays, and mental health counselor search tools.
We continue to invest in entry-level feeder programs around the world, including the NVIDIA Embodying the convergence of AI and academia, the University of Florida inaugurated the Malachowsky Ignite program that prepares first- and second- year college students for an NVIDIA internship Hall for Data Science & Information Technology, marking a milestone in the partnership between UF alum the following summer.
NVIDIA continues to achieve pay parity, defined as no statistically significant differences in In FY24, five NVIDIANs were among 43 women honored by the Silicon Valley YWCA for excelling in their compensation based on gender, race, or ethnicity, for the past several years, and we plan to fields, making significant contributions in their executive and professional roles, and giving back to the continue doing so.
We believe AI should respect privacy and data protection regulations, operate in a secure and The U.S. National Science Foundation has launched the National Artificial Intelligence Research Resource safe way, function in a transparent and accountable manner, and avoid unwanted biases and pilot program with significant support from NVIDIA.
In particular, goals and targets described in this report are The discussion of topics included in this report and our other corporate responsibility disclosures aspirational and not guarantees or promises that the goals or targets will be met.
As we improve our methodologies and as new Certain statements included or incorporated by reference in this report, other than statements information becomes available, we may continue to revise our estimates and assumptions.