We continue to align our social impact activities with the United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goals.
amazing, and it’s paving the way for a are being used to generate new chemicals Acceleration is the best way to reclaim power more sustainable computing future.
This includes the NVIDIA computer industry, predicting like clockwork computational fluid dynamics simulations by H100-powered system deployed at New the exponential growth in computing 9X and reduce energy consumption by 17X. York’s Flatiron Institute, which topped the performance in tandem with moderate Green500 list of the most-efficient systems.
power and cost increases for decades.
We largest healthcare technology providers, invest in them and their families and strive to are partnering to build an AI platform for make NVIDIA a place they can do their life’s software-defined medical devices.
The programmable nature of our gaming market, NVIDIA has leveraged its GPU mechanical and fluid simulations, and energy architecture allows us to support several architecture to create platforms for scientific exploration.
Today, it the pace described by Moore’s law, NVIDIA our ecosystem and increases the value also simulates human intelligence, enabling accelerated computing delivers performance of our platform to our customers.
We have invested law, giving the industry a path forward.
over $37 billion in research and development supported by thousands of computing NVIDIA is headquartered in Santa Clara, since our inception, yielding inventions that cores, are essential to running deep learning CA.
Our Code and Values Investigations Process Our commitment to promoting a culture Our Code of integrity means everyone is expected to act ethically and feel empowered to Our code of conduct outlines our core values voice concerns without fear of retaliation.
ensure that our employees feel secure their reports will be anonymous.
Employees are Ethics Training encouraged to report suspected code and We strive to achieve the highest standards other policy violations to their manager, a of ethical conduct in all our business dealings human resources representative, the legal and are committed to promoting a culture of department, and/or the anonymous hotline.
Employees who the Company; and promptly and thoroughly committees.
The committee periodically Our Compliance Committee, comprised of have frequent contact with customers, conduct ethics-related investigations in reviews and assesses the effectiveness of our CFO, EVP operations, and SVP of human partners, and suppliers (such as those in sales, partnership with relevant organizations within its procedures and adjusts as necessary.
As of January 2023, 99% Committee (NCGC) and Audit Committee establish procedures for the receipt, retention access to an online training course.
Honesty Team We disagree openly and directly because conflict is The sharpest understanding of reality improves our essential to resolving differences, improving ideas, work.
We are alert and constantly learning, and adjust course to align to new realities.
These topics reflect our values provides an update on these topics, as well our NCGC reviewed our climate change reporting includes impacts on communities, and social and environmental contributions, as pertinent regulations and stakeholder position and continued investor interest in the environment, and stakeholders such as as well as matters we believe are essential inputs, and gathers feedback from the net zero strategies, science-based targets, employees, customers, and suppliers, and to our continued business success.
The Compensation After our assessment, we added or revised even when described as “material,” does not Committee received an update on diversity the following topics in this year’s report: The Compensation Committee of our indicate that such topics are material to our and inclusion efforts and progress across Business Practices; People, Diversity and Board is responsible for reviewing and business, operations, or financial condition.
We submitted to the U.S. government a blueprint for how the U.S. could build its chip manufacturing ecosystem leveraging advanced technologies such as digital twins, a highly-skilled workforce, and investments in energy-efficient technologies.
We participate in the Semiconductor Industry Association’s development and advocacy efforts, including investment in the U.S. workforce and federal R&D programs.
We signed on to the UN Global Compact to demonstrate our commitment to upholding human rights.
We launched a quarterly investor call on corporate responsibility to respond to requests from global shareholders.
We continued to support suppliers dealing with impacts of COVID-19 through utilizing remote VAP audits for qualifying facilities and working with our suppliers regarding any International Organization for Standardization (ISO) or RBA VAP audit delays.
We achieve resilience by embedding › Trade Issues redundancy and diversity into our response framework.
A BCM steering committee of four executives is supported by cross-functional business leaders across the following BCM is critical to minimizing financial and Oversight and Governance functions: Corporate Communications, reputational impacts.
By anticipating the Cybersecurity, Facilities, Finance, Global The NCGC has oversight of policies and likelihood of severe events, we can mitigate Security, Human Resources, Information practices in connection with human rights these risks and ensure that the Company Technology, and Operations.
Management undertakes all actions it deems reasonable and necessary to ensure These efforts are supported by robust Human Rights compliance with our Human Rights Policy.
Learning Academy courses to our suppliers: commitment and guidelines to respect We participate in RBA’s Responsible Labor Working Hours (Basics), Working Hours We follow the laws of the human rights.
› United Nations Global Compact reviewed VAP audits on 25% of our strategic Our Compliance Committee will promptly We are committed to enabling worker voice suppliers, bringing total coverage in the past › United Nations Guiding Principles investigate human rights allegations and and facilitating access to effective justice two years to 93%.
remediation and repayment by suppliers of Political Rights violation to the attention of management, or fees to workers who were discovered through Read more about human rights in our supply participating or assisting in an investigation.
We take the issue of forced labor very Product Due Diligence to help assess and communicate our human › Core Conventions of the International seriously and conduct regular audits to ensure rights efforts, among other environmental
also work with expert organizations, NGOs, Human Rights in Our Supply Chain and academia to advance our program and When we create new products, platforms, We expect our suppliers to maintain standards, and we plan to support efforts at or services, we have an interdisciplinary progressive employment, health, safety, an industry level to identify and remediate team evaluate whether our offerings could and ethical practices that meet or exceed actual and potential cases of labor and human be used in conflict with our Human Rights applicable laws, the RBA Code of Conduct, rights abuse.
across the Company quarterly to measure The Board is committed to strong and Cybersecurity and improve awareness.
Our privacy policy describes how we collect, other management in cybersecurity and data practices comprise the physical, procedural, use, store, share, and protect customer privacy presents annually to our Board and Cybersecurity leadership presents quarterly and technical safeguards we take to protect data, as well as how customers can provides updates throughout the year as to the Audit Committee, annually to the Board, confidential information entrusted to us access and manage their personal data.
These leaders also update the and provides updates throughout the year from unauthorized access or attack, as well We are committed to upholding the legal Audit Committee quarterly.
Our we continuously evolve our strategies and in our resilience planning, document them relationship with our colleagues, customers, remain committed to implementing vigorous through business continuity plans, and test and business partners is based upon mutual protections for any information we collect.
We’re committed to maintaining this and our ability to respond to threats through We established a cross-functional leadership trust by protecting the information we attack simulations.
In the event of a cybersecurity To ensure a robust breadth of knowledge, policies, consistent with the EU’s General issue, we’ve prescribed a set of actions for the team consults with external parties, Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and teams to initiate that will help us to determine such as computer security firms and risk applied globally: the type and rigorousness of our response.
NVIDIA Corporate Responsibility | Business Practices 13 --- PAGE 14 --- Message From Introduction Business People, Diversity Supply Chain Products Sustainability Reporting Our CEO Practices and Inclusion Management and Society Frameworks Product Security We also participate in MITRE’s Cybersecurity in mind, we’ve established product safety We develop tools and methods so and Vulnerability Exposure Number Authority technical committees to oversee safety technologies will perform reliably.
As soon third-party research institutions and corporate DRIVE autonomous vehicle platform, enabling Cross-functional teams manage all aspects of as a security concern is reported, we commit peers to extend the MITRE ATT&CK framework automakers and tier-1 suppliers to accelerate product quality, with the goal being to exceed all relevant resources to analyze, validate, for AI to advance the industry’s security and their production of autonomous vehicles.
Our quality management system ASIL B standard, which targets functional Product Quality and Safety with security vulnerabilities by providing timely is monitored through internal audits and an safety, or “the absence of unreasonable risk information, guidance, and remediation of Safety is a principle that permeates our annual third-party ISO 9001 assessment.
The PSIRT team integrates elements of the it into every step of our product quality issues through quarterly business Building on our investment in automotive NIST Cybersecurity Framework and controls development process, from design and reviews (QBRs) and use these reviews to safety, we’re expanding functional and into its security program.
As an automotive solutions provider, we requirements of specific standards such as ISO make improvements to PSIRT processes, and make safety our top priority, incorporating Our products undergo rigorous qualification 13849 and IEC 61508 in our product research, share process knowledge with others so they it into every step of our autonomous and testing to ensure compliance with development, and engineering functions.
assembled, tested, and packaged by third products, which demonstrates our compliance Consequently, we’ve integrated the parties located outside of the United States, NVIDIA’s global Trade Compliance Team with restricted substances when required standards outlined in the RBA Code of and we generated 69% of our revenue helps ensure that applicable international including halogenated flame retardants, Conduct covering labor, human rights, during FY23 from sales outside of the trade laws are followed when NVIDIA’s arsenic, and beryllium.
NVIDIA’s international shipments, performs providers have increased in line with › Domestic and international economic and restricted party screening, advises on import expectations of supplier responsibility Electronic Product Environmental political conditions between countries and export requirements, sets policies and and environmental sustainability.
operate and ensure NVIDIA has processes in members monitor our performance through used by thousands of private and public place to comply with evolving requirements.
All NVIDIA chips and graphics › Domestic and international business and Customers also request our participation in cards support EPEAT conformance, and we cultural practices that differ.
Diverse teams fuel innovation, including diversity considerations and we’re committed to creating an inclusive culture that supports all employees, regardless › Competitive wages, benefits, and support of gender, gender identity or expression, › Work environment, company culture, and veteran status, race, ethnicity, or disability.
We saw a 100% increase in opportunities in new geographies, and partners throughout the business to help applications for the FY23 Ignite program.
No Data 2,216 (44%) 2,512 (49.83%) 3 (0.06%) › Partner with community resource groups to 20-30 Years 31-50 Years improve how we reach qualified candidates.
NVIDIA Corporate Responsibility | People, Diversity and Inclusion 17 --- PAGE 18 --- Message From Introduction Business People, Diversity Supply Chain Products Sustainability Reporting Our CEO Practices and Inclusion Management and Society Frameworks Benefits and Compensation We partner with NVIDIA’s nine different home, and make that decision based on the › A peer-to-peer support program where community resource groups to tailor conditions around them at any point in time.
We believe in a comprehensive benefits support programs based on targeted health situations.
Our Well-Being Support needs, including expansion of military leave employees and their families and their welfare Pay Parity for members of the military, expanded Our employees’ well-being is a top priority, are a top priority.
Our comprehensive benefits gender affirmation support, enhanced We ensure strong pay for all employees and we aim to help them.
time and provide value aligned to our stock to ensure they are meeting the needs of our price.
We believe RSUs promote retention Health and Critical Support ›
from employees to advance our support.
A cross-functional team provides high-touch Cash compensation adjustments are support to help employees or their family › Group counseling for in-the-moment crisis We provide employees with benefits such determined based on market compensation members through difficult times, such as support.
› Global well-being champions to ensure our To ensure pay parity, defined as no statistically focused support will vary and can cover Our parental leave program is one of the program and content are region-relevant significant differences in compensation based financial, travel, and medical care needs.
We support a hybrid work environment, to eight weeks of flex time.
We’ve achieved submit, view, and vote on suggestions.
Community Resource Groups › NDN supports ADHD NVIDIANs, who 97% meet to discuss experiences in a safe
and We support nine community resource groups neurodiverse-friendly environment.
It also Employee Engagement (CRGs), which have executive-level sponsorship formed the Parents and Caregivers Management is honest and ethical in and dedicated budgets: Asian Pacific Islander, To ensure our continued success, we Support group.
We rank Inspire 365, which aims to empower all NVIDIANs Human resources and CRGs have No. 5 on Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For allows us to hear from employees more to get involved in their communities.
department teams and our community Global Giving resource groups, worked in small groups to 10% 7% Unique volunteer rate help 18 nonprofits with strategic projects When the war in Ukraine began, employees aimed at improving their services, reaching a sprang into action to help with relief efforts.
NVIDIANs around the world gave generously 28,865 / 16,549 / through a Company-wide fundraising campaign The initiative also supported a cohort of Number/value of volunteer hours that directed more than $4.6 million in donations $2,426,279* $508,935 45 NVIDIANs looking to take nonprofit and Company and executive matching to involvement to the next level by serving on nonprofits providing humanitarian aid.
NVIDIA Corporate Responsibility | People, Diversity and Inclusion 20 --- PAGE 21 --- Message From Introduction Business People, Diversity Supply Chain Products Sustainability Reporting Our CEO Practices and Inclusion Management and Society Frameworks Learning and Development Career Development To support employee advancement, we Learning provide on-the-job training through coaching, Being a lifetime learner is core to our culture.
We encourage We curate learning libraries to develop the internal mobility through career expos and skills of our employees and provide them with our Career Chats service, as well as foster the latest platforms to support self-paced mentorship connections and provide trained learning.
We offer tuition reimbursement, coaches as additional developmental support.
We continued an allyship program to establish and train a network of allies who We established Careers Week, a series can speak up when they see non-inclusive of development sessions for employees Promotion Parity We engaged a third party to analyze behavior and advocate for changes that to build new skills, understand their promotion activity, which we’ve been doing We are committed to providing equitable lead to increased equity.
NVIDIA Corporate Responsibility | People, Diversity and Inclusion 21 --- PAGE 22 --- Message From Introduction Business People, Diversity Supply Chain Products Sustainability Reporting Our CEO Practices and Inclusion Management and Society Frameworks Health and Safety We identify and assess hazards and risks through routine inspections, audits, incident Our Health and Safety (H&S) team oversees reporting, and investigations.
the results of incident investigations are We conduct external audits and internal recorded in our global security database.
H&S team Our processes for hazard assessment and members provide guidance to ensure incident investigation are documented in that facilities meet or exceed local safety our Illness and Injury Prevention Program.
requirements, promote safe work practices, Employees across our global sites volunteer and support compliance with applicable to participate in our emergency response health and safety legislation and policies team.
Our H&S framework includes: aid, CPR, AED, or fire extinguisher use, in › A network of office-level committees and addition to emergency preparedness.
› Supplier audits to ensure compliance with Performance within our supply chain.
Validated Assessment Program (VAP) For strategic suppliers, agreements are Audit Findings deployed and tracked through a QBR process to ensure they meet our expectations, Common audit findings include issues related to freely chosen employment, working hours, which may influence our business allocation suppliers’ conformance to ISO 27001, ISO suppliers, bringing total audits in the past wages and benefits, emergency preparedness, decisions.
Each quarter, we NVIDIA ensures suppliers close all corrective and physical-security expectations.
assess these suppliers by product category actions in compliance with its Full RBA discovered, we expect an improvement plan.
Steps we’ve taken to ensure suppliers are in compliance with the RBA Code of Conduct: RBA Code Element FY23 NVIDIA Actions Labor We audited to ensure freely chosen employment, no child labor, and freedom of association.
We worked to ensure compliance with the principles of zero hiring fees.
We reviewed environmental improvement plans for ISO 14001 alignment.
Management Systems We audited to ensure workers can provide grievance and feedback without fear of retaliation.
We support, contribute to, and rely on Risk Areas (CAHRA).
We support these on-the-ground and to achieve 100% Responsible Minerals programs aimed at improving transparency Assurance Process-compliant tantalum, tin, We’re a member of the Public Private Alliance for responsible sourcing and reducing tungsten, and gold processing facilities.
The PPA provides funding and We evaluate smelter metrics and share an coordination support to organizations Additionally, we participate in various RMI annual update in our Conflict Minerals Report.
working within the Democratic Republic of work groups and align our program with the We’ve successfully removed non-compliant Congo and adjacent countries to develop organization’s tracking of additional minerals 3TG smelters and refiners in our supply verifiable conflict-free supply chains, align and materials, as well as CAHRAs.
genomic workflows can significantly lower the personalized medicine, next-generation cost, improve the accuracy, and increase the Medical Imaging – NVIDIA and several clinics, enhanced quality of care, and speed of analysis for DNA sequencing.
group, the Content Authenticity Initiative, vehicle industry with technology that improves developers to build perception, mapping, Our TAI efforts are led by a head of and the Metaverse Standards Forum.
These benefits with redundant and diverse deep neural functional committee and teams aligned Advisory Committee, which is focused on require massive computational horsepower, networks.
and AI, NVIDIA has built a software-defined, We are committed to delivering to our Our global public policy team monitors end-to-end platform for the transportation customers AI models that comply with global regulations and relevant standards Model Risk Management industry that enables continuous improvement privacy laws, provide transparency about to ensure we maintain compliance.
NVIDIA aims to reduce the risk of harm from the model’s design and limitations, perform we piloted an AI Ethics Committee with deployment of AI models or systems.
Model The NVIDIA DRIVE platform integrates safely and as intended, and with unwanted members of our engineering, business risk can come from many sources including, everything needed to develop autonomous bias reduced to the extent possible.
› Outlines the key steps to identify, measure, Model Card Improvements manage, and mitigate potential risks Model cards ensure NVIDIA is communicating associated with our AI and machine learning in the clearest language how its technology models and systems.
should be used when developers work with our › Is aligned with and incorporates the AI models.
Our recent enhancements focused teams with guidance to achieve an innovative, on improved readability with clear language, yet ethically responsible solution.
increased detail around ethical considerations, We’ve designed several tools for and greater accessibility on our web site.
In internal developers to aid in the March of FY24, we released ten improved creation of Trustworthy AI models: model cards, including five NVIDIA Riva speech-to-text models in different languages.
We emphasize the importance We encourage developers to consider potential performance score and a target goal.
We assess the datasets used to train and validate commercially released models for › AI and machine learning dataset classification guidance document to support classifying and labeling of vetted datasets.
What It Covers: In this section we cover the efforts we undertake to bring energy efficient › Energy efficiency and performance products to market and how we manage improvements of our products our greenhouse gas emissions.
› Greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions reporting and assurance Product Energy Efficiency › Energy and environmental management We develop hardware, software, and systems, certifications, policies, procedures, networking technology to improve and programs performance and energy efficiency, helping our customers avoid carbon emissions.
› Energy use and sourcing of renewable electricity Global data center electricity usage is NVIDIA accelerated computing lets units (DPUs) are a rapidly emerging class more than 200 trillion watt-hours per year, › Water conservation and waste management companies meet these challenges by of processors that offload and accelerate accounting for 2% of global energy usage, and reclaiming power and achieving net zero.
And our demands attention, which is why we are building › Applications of NVIDIA technology for Grace CPU superchip scored 2X performance Accelerated computing is the use of products that aim to advance efficiency and climate change mitigation and adaptation gains over traditional x86 CPU processors specialized hardware to dramatically speed sustainability of all data centers globally.
tests run with help from Ericsson, Red Hat, performance can continue to improve given only servers to GPU-accelerated systems, If every Green500 supercomputer were and VMWare show power reductions up to a fixed power budget in a data center.
In one case, they delivered 54X By moving to accelerated computing, our That’s the equivalent to the electricity the list would be reduced by nearly 90%.
infrastructure operations were transitioned more quickly, returning the GPU to a Software Enhancements to BlueField DPUs, we estimate the world low-power idle state when done and Based on industry standard benchmarks for Software can significantly improve energy could save nearly 8 trillion watt-hours of consuming less energy overall.
An AI data center with Cooling Improvements applications, and NVIDIA GPU Cloud to offer size as they enhance deep recommender the latest H100 has equivalent performance to the latest versions of AI and HPC software Our data center team develops liquid- systems containing tens of terabytes of data, an A100 with 3X lower total cost of ownership, to help users run applications at higher cooling solutions using both single- and improve conversational AI with hundreds of 5X fewer server nodes, and 3.5X less energy performance in the data center, or in the two-phase direct-to-chip cooling in our billions of parameters, and enable scientific consumed.
a growing number of communication tasks Green Grid, and Open Compute Project to Performance and Energy Efficiency More than 5 terawatt-hours of energy per needed to operate large and complex support the establishment of standards of Energy efficiency is critical as AI models year, or $750 million of energy, is required systems.
and HPC applications increase exponentially to operate the 500 systems on the list, but by reducing infrastructure and power.
If HPC and hours of energy—if all these systems were to reduce energy consumption.
inside supercomputers, also known as direct- Accelerating Semiconductor By the end of the fiscal year ending chip cooling, perpetually utilizes fluid heat Breakthroughs January 26, 2025, our goal is to purchase transfer properties to efficiently target The chip industry is integral to many other or generate enough renewable energy and remove heat while using less energy.
patterns on a silicon wafer, dramatically Our data center reference design documents improves the precision of chip design but educate our customers to achieve high levels is already reaching the limits of physics, of reliability and energy-efficient cooling consuming tens of billions of CPU hours of high-heat-density servers and racks.
Greenhouse Gas Emissions By delivering on this commitment, we aim to Management considers the GHG GHG Emissions (mtCO e) FY23 FY22 j
FY21 j reduce our Scope 1 and 2 emissions in line with 2 Protocol to assess, calculate, and report a 1.5 degrees Celsius global temperature rise.
Chemical Use 7 not available not available GHG Emissions Reduction Commitments Scope 2, market-based 60,671 a 78,210 89,048 GHG Reduction We commit to the following GHG Scope 1 and 2, market-based 73,017 82,822 91,740 To manage the GHG emissions footprint of emissions reduction goals: our data centers, labs, and offices, we focus Scope 2, location-based i 142,909 a 133,569 105,621
Scope 1 and 2: By FY25, and annually on siting expansions strategically, managing Scope 3 k 2,108,187 2,701,477 2,074,450 thereafter, we will achieve and maintain 100% our operations efficiently, and sourcing renewable electricity for our operations and renewable energy.
We commit to procure renewable all global electricity use for offices and data Category 2: Capital goods 171,327 a, d 62,586 102,026 energy from sources that create additionality centers from renewable energy is expected Category 3: Fuel-and energy-related activities 67,805 a 50,631 34,494 Category 4: Upstream transportation and 60,572 a, e 37,910 49,749 a – An external third-party was engaged to perform a limited assurance engagement over select GHG emissions metrics for the year ended January 29, 2023.
d – Increase due to inclusion of additional data sources.
e – Increase due to inclusion of additional data sources.
g – Increase due to resuming of company travel, and inclusion of car, hotel, and rail travel emissions in this category which were not included in FY22 or FY21.
made actionable through goals and metrics We’re committed to reducing our that are annually reviewed with executives.
We identify and control To bring a more structured approach to point increase from the previous year.
environmental impacts and continuously managing energy efficiency at several of improve our performance using a our key data center locations, we have an With our expanding business and comprehensive environmental management energy management system certified to diversification into new online services, system (EMS) certified to ISO 14001, which the ISO 50001 standard, which covered 73% data center operations have been growing covers our headquarters location in Santa of our data center energy use in FY23.
In addition to designing new buildings to be energy efficient, we implement facilities and infrastructure projects that improve the energy efficiency of existing buildings.
Water withdrawal 795,867 817,082a 359,901 In FY23, we increased the percentage of our Groundwater 0 0b 40,041 total electricity use matched by renewable Municipal water supplies 759,429 666,560 269,782 energy purchases to 44%, through green utility tariffs and energy attribute certificates, Reclaimed water from another organization 36,438c 150,522 50,078 and we are exploring additional options to Water consumption 471,777
394,477 97,263 increase our sourcing of renewable energy for our growing footprint, in support of Water discharge 323,090 422,605 262,638 our 100% renewable electricity goal.
NVIDIA Corporate Responsibility | Sustainability 39 --- PAGE 40 --- Message From Introduction Business People, Diversity Supply Chain Products Sustainability Reporting Our CEO Practices and Inclusion Management and Society Frameworks Water Conservation Waste Management Waste Metrics We use water in our direct operations We aim to reduce the amount of waste we Waste (metric tons)
Clean paper recycled 48 17 18 open, landfill waste from labs did not decrease while compostable and recyclable Our two NVIDIA-owned LEED Gold-certified Batteries, hazardous waste, and lamps recycled 3 1 2 waste streams dropped significantly, buildings in Santa Clara, CA, incorporate a Electronic waste recycled 152 51 43 negatively impacting our diversion rate.
Through While we have seen a reduction in our landfill Construction/demolition waste recycled 83 228 1,337 the installation of low-flow bathroom fixtures diversion rate, the total amount of waste and the use of recycled water for toilet Waste landfilled 789 411 891 generated at our headquarters, another flushing, the buildings are designed to achieve important metric for our waste program, General waste landfilled 696 224 346 reductions in domestic water demand and was 65% lower in FY23 compared to FY20, potable water use for sewage conveyance Hazardous waste landfilled 7 0 0 the most recent year of normal operations when compared with buildings of standard before pandemic related office closures.
We use reclaimed water in cooling towers and landscape irrigation systems and a – Waste data is estimated for Santa Clara headquarters.
The three- increase our landfill diversion rate and acre park that connects the two buildings is minimize the amount of waste we generate planted with drought-tolerant trees and the in the first place, we engaged a vendor in greenery is irrigated by reclaimed water.
Product Carbon Footprint For products we use for testing/R&D and production purposes, we have programs in To understand the greenhouse gas emissions place to support internal re-use of equipment generated across our product lifecycle and that has not reached the end of its useful in manufacturing, we are conducting a life or financial depreciation life.
We will use the information to sold to a vendor for refurbishment and reuse, identify opportunities for improvement.
For used equipment, we use a global specialist e-waste We continue to improve the balance recycling vendor.
All our vendors follow strict between protecting the environment and certification guidelines and procedures to ensuring that our customers receive their ensure proper tracking of the chain of custody, products in like-new condition.
We embrace decommissioning, data erasure, and recycling opportunities to reduce packing materials of any hardware which is broken and unusable.
and increase the proportion of recycled, recyclable, and biodegradable materials Beyond our California headquarters, our used.
supporting the clean energy transition, › Switching plastic tray and foam components We expect carriers to report shipment data mitigating the impacts of carbon in the to recyclable fiber-based materials.
sometimes require shipping in large cardboard boxes or crates with protective foam, we aim Climate Modeling –
our various global markets, and we take inaugural prototype of Earth modeled on seriously our extended responsibility for geophysical data sourced from satellites To reduce the amount of packaging used, we these products.
Potential climate ship products directly to the retail distributor U.S. and Europe, we’ve established recycling impacts the EODT can display include global and reuse packaging for return merchandise programs in partnership with reputable glacier melting, drought impacts, wildfire authorization support whenever possible.
also reduce paper for in-box documentation consumers about how to recycle our branded by providing online instructions for To enable scientists, companies, and policy products through labeling and our website.
| Sustainability 42 --- PAGE 43 --- Message From Introduction Business People, Diversity Supply Chain Products Sustainability Reporting Our CEO Practices and Inclusion Management and Society Frameworks plans to build Earth-2, a digital twin of the company has thousands of turbines around Climate Adaptation – Scores of startups promote the use of AI for Earth Observation Earth on NVIDIA AI and NVIDIA Omniverse the globe that light up schools, homes, are using NVIDIA AI to explore numerous (AI4EO) activities in support of the Sustainable platforms.
The collaboration aims scale on the largest supercomputers today, Siemens to simulate the performance to integrate NVIDIA’s accelerated computing For example, Spoor’s AI-powered software Earth-2 will provide actionable weather and of wind turbines on a field to find their platform within UNOSAT’s infrastructure enables the wind industry to measure and climate information at regional scales.
data science training and technology to from smart meters and other distribution Supporting Global Climate Strategies support more informed policymaking and Clean Energy Production – As global grid devices to detect anomalies that are accelerate how resources are allocated.
AI Nations is NVIDIA’s global effort to support climate change accelerates, finding and precursors to system failures and outages, governments and related stakeholders securing clean energy is a crucial challenge optimize grid operations, and integrate in developing AI strategies that advance for many researchers, organizations, and exponentially more distributed energy national priorities and drive economic governments.
NVIDIA Corporate Responsibility | Reporting Frameworks 44 --- PAGE 47 --- Message From Introduction Business People, Diversity Supply Chain Products Sustainability Reporting Our CEO Practices and Inclusion Management and Society Frameworks Standard Disclosure Cross-Reference Or Answer UNGC CoP** GRI 2: General 2-25 Processes to remediate negative Investigations Process Disclosures 2021 impacts Human Rights Employee Engagement Health and Safety NVIDIA Privacy Policy 2-26* Mechanisms for seeking advice and Investigations Process G8 raising concerns Human Rights Code of Conduct, pp.
L1, L2, L3, L4, L5, health and safety management system L11, L12 403-9* Work-related injuries Employee Health and Safety Performance L1, L2, L3, L4, L5, L9, L11, L12 GRI 404: Training 404-1* Average hours of training per year per Learning and Development and Education employee 2016 404-2 Programs for upgrading employee Career Development skills and transition assistance programs 404-3 Percentage of employees receiving All our employees are subject to a performance appraisal at least once a year.
27-29 scope 1 emissions, emissions reduction targets, and an analysis of performance against those targets Energy TC-SC- Total energy consumed We are a fabless semiconductor Company and do not have our own manufacturing facilities.
See Supply Chain Management for more information, and Health and Safety (H&S) & Safety 320a.1 monitor, and reduce exposure of for how we manage H&S across our corporate campuses.
Competition for personnel results in increased costs in the form of cash nationals and/or offshore employees, and stock-based compensation, and in times of stock price volatility, as we have experienced in the past and may experience in and management approach to the future, the retentive value of our stock-based compensation may decrease.”
Our CEO Practices and Inclusion Management and Society Frameworks Disclosure Item Recommended Disclosure – Description Cross-Reference Metrics and a. Climate-Related Metrics – Disclose the metrics used by the organization to GHG Emissions Reduction Commitments Targets assess climate-related risks and opportunities in line with its strategy and 2022 CDP Response: risk management process.
Emissions Breakdowns – C7.1, C7.2, C7.3, C7.4, C7.5, C7.6; pp. 53-56 c. Climate Related Targets – Describe the targets used by the organization to 2022 CDP Response: manage climate-related risks and opportunities and performance against C4.
NVIDIA Corporate Responsibility | Reporting Frameworks 57 --- PAGE 58 --- Message From Introduction Business People, Diversity Supply Chain Products Sustainability Reporting Our CEO Practices and Inclusion Management and Society Frameworks U.N. Sustainable Development Goals We continue to align our business activities and charitable contributions to the UN Sustainable Development Goals.
SDG Our Support Diagnosing Strokes in Minutes – NVIDIA Inception member EMVision’s lightweight brain-scanning device is one of the world’s first portable brain scanners for stroke diagnosis, using NVIDIA-powered AI to distinguish between ischaemic and haemorrhagic strokes—clots and bleeds—in just minutes.
The device assists in making critical decisions and interventions earlier, providing faster stroke diagnosis and treatment to ensure fewer disability outcomes and an improved quality of life for patients.
TÜV SÜD has determined that our software meets the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) 26262 ASIL B standard, which targets functional safety, or “the absence of unreasonable risk due to hazards caused by malfunctioning behavior of electrical or electronic systems.”
NVIDIA is collaborating with the United Nations Economic Commission for Africa (UNECA) to equip governments and developer communities in 10 nations with data science training and technology to support more informed policymaking and accelerate how resources are allocated.
Using AI techniques, such a system has the potential to reduce by an order of magnitude the amount of time necessary for the output of complex weather visualizations to be generated.
We unveiled five new climate-related investments in India focused on the areas of environmental conservation, ecological restoration, social innovation, and job creation.