We are committed to not only being the lowest cost producer but to do so in the most sustainable manner.
To achieve our vision, we have established a robust sustainability framework, we have aligned our practices to international guidelines, employed best in class technology and we are constantly challenging ourselves to get ahead.
This year our focus was to ensure we highlight our efforts of responsible operations towards our environment, communities, employees and business partners – a report of our efforts towards a sustainable future.
It outlines our actions over the past year to achieve our mission to be a world-class diversified natural resource company.
Vedanta released the first Climate Change Report in line with the Vedanta has had a long-standing Earlier this year, we created a position Taskforce on Climate-related Financial commitment to sustainability and for Director - Carbon to drive Vedanta’s Disclosures (TCFD), becoming the first ESG.
This year we also Annual Report, Business Responsibility in new practices, technologies fine-tuned our KPIs to ensure that & Sustainability Report, and Tax and innovation in all dimensions delivery on carbon reduction becomes Transparency Report and will bring in of Environmental Stewardship, part of the performance pay evaluation greater transparency in our disclosure Social Responsibility, and Good for ESOP eligibility.
Governance. also signed the “Declaration of the Private Sector on Climate Change” - an We also continue to drive efforts to Today, Vedanta stands committed initiative by the MoEF&CC to pledge reduce our overall environmental to play its part in helping the planet our commitment.
This is a is our commitment to help prevent commitment to decarbonize.
In similar vein, Our Energy and Carbon Management the Aluminium business became the we are looking at multiple avenues Policy and Performance Standard largest purchaser of green power in to reduce and recycle our waste commit our operations to global best India, having bought 354 million units of stream.
We also have plans to a commitment to substantially de- market.
This amounts to more than create value-added products from carbonize the business by 2050 and 35% of total green power traded by the wastes such as aluminium dross voluntarily pledged to move towards exchange in Q1 of FY2022. and jarosite, thereby completely carbon neutrality.
are committed to reducing our GHG
We are also committing resources emissions intensity by 20% by FY2025 across all our business verticals to get There have also been gains in from a 2012 baseline.
We have put significant resources to 10 VEDANTA LIMITED SDR 2020-21 --- PAGE 11 --- ensure that our workforce, their families Sandhya Rasakatla as India’s first was ranked Number 1 and Vedanta and the communities we operate in woman underground-mine manager Number 2 in the DJSI rankings have adequate support to protect and along with her colleague for the Asia Pacific region, which themselves from Covid-19.
We pledged Yogeshwari Rane, she has become bears testimony to our best-in-class INR 1.5 billion to help the country in the first woman in the Indian Mining sustainability practices.
We have also its fight against the second wave of Industry to receive the ‘First Class significantly improved our CDP rating COVID-19 along with setting up 1,000 Mines Manager’ certificate of from D to B-.
This is a sobering of liquid oxygen - a strong indicator of fact and I have asked our management our commitment to serve those in need.
Vedanta’s goal is to become the teams to re-double their efforts to developer of choice and towards this ensure that we have a zero-fatality Our CSR programs touch the lives of we are undertaking a significant change year.
At Vedanta, we are Melinda Gates Foundation to support are under-stated and will take time to cognisant of the immense growth the Government of India’s Ministry mature, but I am confident that they will potential and the ESG risks and of Women and Child Development play a central role in making Vedanta a opportunities.
As an industry leader, we stand in Your company also has an industry- Lastly, Vedanta’s ESG focus is being solidarity with India, in its ambition leading program to ensure gender recognised globally.
We are currently committed benefitted over 40 million people “Responsible operations for to reduce our GHG emissions intensity through our CSR outreach programs.
Safety is our a change management program for to ensure we conducted operations core value and our vision is everyone social performance to enhance our responsibly while creating profits.
Each fatality for us is a personal loss, Our business is deeply intertwined and in order to ensure we do not have To conclude, I would like to with ESG concerns and we understand repeat incidents we have initiated a reiterate our commitment towards the value that sustainability practices group wide fatality learning program responsible operation, low cost create.
We have sustainable development of assets, had increased focus on environmental, deployed resources in place to review inclusive growth and environment social and governance risks and their all our critical risks and have launched responsibility.
achieved 30% water recycling and 94% to empower our employees and utilization of high-volume low toxicity business partners, alike, to refuse any In future, we will continue to uphold our waste generated.
For second year in activity they see unsafe for themselves promise to make this world a better, a row we were able to achieve over or others.
Despite production business partners understand that growth, our GHG emissions held steady leadership is dedicated towards safety at ~59 million TCO2e, and till FY21 our and wellbeing, and hence we have efforts have resulted in ~14 million increased leadership presence on site TCO2e in avoided GHG emissions.
Our through increased visible felt leadership Sunil Duggal Energy and Carbon policy commits and personal safety action plan.
Our business is now moving towards incorporating managed using our existing frameworks and protocols) and the larger ESG vision into its key business practices and low (areas that need continuous monitoring to prevent them we are proposing major changes at board level to ensure from becoming critical for the organisation over time) priority commitment from the highest level.
and mitigative actions are core responsibilities of the risk committee, in addition to which we undertake an exhaustive The materiality assessment process is in line with Global materiality assessment in order to meet the stakeholder Reporting Initiative (GRI) standards.
During FY2019, we completed the assessment matrix is reviewed and ratified by the Executive and identified high (areas that require our immediate Committee (ExCO).
HIGH MEDIUM LOW Energy & Climate Change Noise & Vibration Land Acquisition & Rehabilitation Water Management Tailings Dam Management Solid Waste Management Human Rights Air Emissions Resource Efficiency Biodiversity Transparent Disclosure Health & Safety Materials Management Community Development Learning & Development Supply Chain Sustainability Use of Recycled Material Grievance Management Brand Salience Compliance to Government Regulations Innovation Upholding Rights of Indigenous People Governance for Sustainability Ethical Business Practices Diversity & Equal Opportunity ACT MANAGE OBSERVE Diversity and inclusion are the core principles in Vedanta’s growth journey 14 VEDANTA LIMITED SDR 2020-21 --- PAGE 15 --- Vedanta’s ESG Landscape Strategic ESG priorities framework HIGH PRIORITY ISSUE SDG ALIGNMENT FY2021 PERFORMANCE VISION 2025 Health and safety SDG 8.8 Protect labour rights and 8 fatalities TRIFR-
1.48 • Zero fatalities provide safe working conditions • Reduce TRIFR by 30% from 2021 baseline • Health performance standards implemented and part of VSAP • Employee and community exposure monitoring to be completed • Mental health program implemented Water management SDG 6.4: Increase water use • Water recycling 30.71% We continue to: efficiency and ensure sustainable (GRI calculation) •
Review our water targets in withdrawals •
HZL a water alignment with global best positive BUs and practices implementation plan for • For water stressed areas: have other BUs a sustainable sourcing model by 2025 Energy and climate SDG 12.2: Achieve sustainable • Achieve energy savings of 10 change management and efficient use of million GJ natural resources SSDG 13.2: Integrate climate • 20% reduction in GHG emission change measures into strategies, intensity from a 2012 baseline polices, and planning Solid waste SDG 12.5: Substantially reduce • Fly ash utilization of • Sustain the fly ash utilization at management waste generation through 110% 100% prevention, reduction, recycling • Slag utilisation of 114% • Zero net waste from all our and reuse • Total waste utilization facilities of 94% Tailing dam SDG 12.5: Substantially reduce • 3rd party assessment in • All tailing facilities audited and management waste generation through progress for all tailing actions closed with real-time prevention, reduction, recycling facilities and real time monitoring and reuse monitoring initiated • Dry tailing disposal 12.4: achieve the environmentally facility initiated at HZL sound management of chemicals and Lanjigarh and all wastes throughout their life cycle, in accordance with agreed international frameworks, and significantly reduce their release to air, water and soil in order to minimize their adverse impacts on human health and the environment (regarding trailing dams and waste water treatment and reuse) Biodiversity SDG 15.9: Introduce biodiversity • Review of site-biodiversity risk management and planning into across all our locations development processes Continued... VEDANTA LIMITED SDR 2020-21 15 --- PAGE 16 --- BUSINESS OVERVIEW | GOVERNANCE | ENVIRONMENT
End hunger and ensure • 2,300 number of Nand • 4,000 Nand Ghars constructed by access to safe, nutritious, and Ghars established 2025 sufficient food, all year round SDG 2.2: End all forms of malnutrition Supply chain SDG 8.7: Eliminate worst forms of • Flagship business • Rubaru to be introduced at all sustainability child labour, all forced labour partner program Business Units across Vedanta “Rubaru” introduced at • LME responsible sourcing HZL for sustainability implemented at applicable units.
power generation, Oil & Gas, Metals we aim for most transparent disclosures, for our and Mining.
ANNEXURES Supporting the Nation during COVID-19 For this generation there is very little that will compare to the Rajinder Singh Ahuja (Group HSE head), the taskforce also last 1 year we have experienced due to the COVID pandemic.
This Covid taskforce ensures strong compliance of Through these rapid changes at Vedanta we maintained SOPs/protocols and business continuity at respective units business continuity.
We were supported by our highly to prevent the spread of the infection and is also responsible skilled and agile workforce.
with the central and local administration to provide support to secure livelihood opportunities, basic human needs, A Group Level covid taskforce has been formalized under the medial needs of the marginalized communities.
Dedicated medical staff was appointed has been a front runner in ensuring at the entry to check the symptomatic cases safety, well-being and support during the of associate partners & logistics partners.
There were many proactive steps The Jharsuguda team set up a COVID undertaken under the leadership team to helpdesk which was available 24X7 to assist ensure operations continued.
And slots for entry During the pandemic the site ensured at the gate of any vehicles/ personnel all personnel were undergoing thermal were booked online through an application screening by cameras and scanners and developed for the same to eliminate over- over 15000 people were checked at the entry crowding and long waiting periods.
Our operations are primarily located in the developing economies of India and Africa, and we have a responsibility to ensure that we play our role in development of these countries and their communities.
We strive for all-round operational excellence to achieve benchmark performance across our business, by Vedanta has a critical role in shaping people’s well-being, debottlenecking our assets to enhance production, supported generating employment opportunities and enhancing the by improved digital and technology solutions.
We ensure this through the focused on enhancing profitability by optimizing our cost and choice of products and services we offer to the society, our improving realizations through prudent marketing strategies.
investment decisions, the contribution to public finances, We are working towards eliminating inefficiencies across direct & indirect employment opportunities and through every aspect of our operations by: Leveraging advanced technologies to roll out a wide range of innovation Rationalizing the cost structure to build a leaner operating model Ensuring sustainable operations and delivering a positive result for all our stakeholders and society PARAMETERS FY 20-21 (INR MILLION)
It also enhances the demand of associated the community we ensure we source local material and materials resulting in increased upstream and downstream services.
mechanisms to ensure that we grow responsibly and keep Our governance philosophy stems from our core values of this trust intact.
Composition of the board In pursuance of our commitment thereof, our Board represents an govern Vedanta effectively.
SHAREHOLDERS BOARD OF CEO DIRECTORS Risk Audit Sustainablity Committee of Management MANAGEMENT Committee Committee Directors Committee COMMITTEE & EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE Nomination & Stakeholder Corporate Social Remuneration Relationship Responsibility Committee Committee Committee Finance Standing Share & Committee of Debenture Directors Transfer Committe Our governance structure oversees strict adherence to ethics and responsibility across the organisation 30 VEDANTA LIMITED SDR 2020-21 --- PAGE 31 --- Governance and Ethics
Our Board provides strategic perspective and steers the business in line with the commitments made to various stakeholders and sustainable growth.
They are supported by: Established committees; Sustainable development team; Vedanta Sustainability Framework and Vedanta Sustainability Assurance Process (VSAP); and Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and varied other policies & practices adopted by the Group.
BOARD SUSTAINABILITY COMMITTEE EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE Chaired by MR. SUNIL DUGGAL Group CEO
The Committee meets monthly and is responsible for implementing strategic plans formulated by the Board, allocating resources in line with delegated authorities and monitoring the operational and financial performance of the Group.
Effective April 1, 2020, a Group Management Committee has been formed comprising of Chief Financial Officer, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Human Resource Officer Head and Chief Commercial Officer.
This Committee drives all important initiatives and is empowered by the Board.
HEALTH COMMUNICATION REVIEW OF SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT TEAM AND SEGMENT BUSINESS COMMITTEE (Monthly Operational Reviews/Business Management Group Meetings)
Note: With effect from July 2021, our Board Sustainability Committee has an oversight to the company’s ESG vision and is renamed as Board ESG Committee.
With special focus on creating strong part of this focus has been on awareness and imbibing emission The Committee also welcomes Mr. the engagement and management of reduction into the organisation’s Rajinder Singh as the new Head of business partners (or contractors) culture, while continuous evaluation Group HSE & Sustainability.
The safety culture can substantially reduce our GHG Andrew Lewin for his contributions across the business has been tested emissions.
Sustainability agenda for the last 2 With plants operating with reduced We made significant progress on years.
staff to ensure adequate social tailings dam management and have distancing, teams have worked even improved management systems across harder to ensure safety and worker’s all our operations.
We continue to implement the recommendations from the third-party U.K. Sinha We continue to work towards achieving audit undertaken in previous years Non-Executive Independent Director net zero emissions and in line with the and are focused on ensuring that Chairperson of ESG Committee We achieved water positivity at HZL
Our aim is to achieve zero net impact on our environment by 2025 VEDANTA LIMITED SDR 2020-21 33 --- PAGE 34 --- BUSINESS OVERVIEW
ANNEXURES Governance and Ethics Our sustainability framework Vedanta Sustainability Framework (VSF) is developed in comprises of policies, standards, and guidance notes, which alignment with various global standards like Global Reporting help us in its effective implementation.
The audit committee is supported by the Group-level Risk Management
We ensure to keep a check on the pulse on ground.
Sustainability risks are a part of the corporate risk register (cid:31)(cid:30)(cid:29)(cid:28)(cid:27)(cid:26)(cid:30)(cid:25) (cid:27)(cid:24)(cid:28)(cid:23)(cid:22)(cid:21)(cid:30)(cid:28)(cid:20) EVALUATE AUDIT COMMITTEE GROUP RISK EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE COMMITTEE (GRMC) (EXCO) MONITOR
VSAP is an annual process with clear tracking the compliance of all our businesses with the Vedanta of results by the Sustainability Committee and the Executive Sustainability Framework.
us embed sustainable development into every activity that VEDANTA LIMITED SDR 2020-21 35 IDENTIFY MITIGATE EXTERNAL FINANCIAL STRATEGIC OPERATIONAL RISK GOVERNANCE FRAMEWORK GROUP RISK MANAGEMENT FRAMEWORK Our gender diversity has increased to 11.3% --- PAGE 36 --- BUSINESS OVERVIEW | GOVERNANCE | ENVIRONMENT
Our Code of Conduct serves as a guiding tool to align of the Company, consistent with the highest standards of organizational culture with individual conduct and integrates business ethics.
The Insider Trading Prohibition Policy n Anti-trust Guidance Notes n The Whistle-blower Policy n The Supplier Code of Conduct All these policies, notes and codes are publicly available Policy currently communicates our commitment to a on our website and are incorporated into contracts, where ‘policy against retaliation,’ and commitment to maintaining relevant, in order to ensure transparent and easy access to confidentiality, in case of a company employee.
Our disclosures include the ensure trust and mutual respect.
Transparent disclosures following: n Integrated report n Investor presentations n Annual sustainability report n Interviews n Press releases n News articles All these along with our participation in CDP, DJSI and other all activities of the organisation.
We aim to maintain effective two-way remain responsive to their expectations, foresee emerging communication with our stakeholders, which allow us to risks and identify opportunities.
standards help ensure effective engagement with relevant stakeholders across multiple industries and geographies; The table below represents an overview of the ongoing provide adequate grievance mechanisms to help resolve engagement with our stakeholders and the manner in which situations of potential conflict; and develop specialized Vedanta responds to their expectations.
Performance management organization • 10 numbers of Vice Chairman’s systems • Providing increased workshops conducted to identify • Various meetings at plant opportunities for career internal talent.
committee and welfare diversity of the committee workforce • Women’s club Shareholders, Investors, • Regular updates • Consistent disclosure • Actively engaged with risk rating & Lenders • Investor meetings on economic, social, agencies to improve disclosures.
Site visits (put on hold in the and environmental • Participated in international last year due to COVID), performance webinars to improve Vedanta’s • AGM and conference presence on international forums.
membership of international aligned with the global • Initiated engagement with organizations sustainability agenda intended membership to VPSHR • Working relationships with • Commitment to • Partnered with 91 NGOs for our organizations on specific ensuring human rights various programs.
Compliance with laws consultation programs, • Contributing towards • Engagement with national, the economic state, and regional development of the government bodies at nation business and operational level Empowering Women VEDANTA LIMITED SDR 2020-21 39 --- PAGE 41 --- Governance and Ethics CASE STUDY Responsibly managing our SDG 8 Decent Work and Economic Growth business partners: RuBaRu TARGET 8.8 Protect labour rights and promote safe and secure working environments for all workers, including migrant workers, in particular women migrants, and those in precarious employment In FY2019 a business partner engagement Sandvik, Epiroc, Gainwell and GHH to upskill program was launched in HZL with an business partner workforce.
aim to establish a safe and productive environment at our job sites by improving In FY21 we have completed over 30,000 the execution capability of our business hours of manhour trainings to enhance partners.
The areas, namely: training program includes a holistic training methodology combining aspects Health, Safety and Environment of execution capabilities and behavioural (HSE) commitment for safe skills through on job trainings, pre-& post operations and strengthening our trainings assessments and select classroom safety culture sessions to ensure a comprehensive, practical learning experience.
iSkill tool has Skill enhancement for continuous been deployed digitally to track business performance improvement partner manpower skill improvement.
HSE CAPA portal has Asset optimisation to maximize all been deployed to track business partner aspects of our critical equipment’s improvement initiatives.
Simultaneously, an online dashboard Our approach to improvement in these has been deployed to track and review four areas entail a rigorous capability performance across key leading & lagging assessment of our 4800+ business partners’ metrics of Preventive Maintenance, workforce by technically trained supervisors.
We aim programme was implemented to bridge to ensure implementation of this program identified skill gaps.
Through our environmental initiatives we aim to do no harm and achieve zero net impact on our environment by 2025.
ANNEXURES Carbon and Energy Vedanta is committed towards taking carbon reduction keeping with this goal, the group has introduced measures targets in alignment with the Nationally Determined to decrease its GHG emissions.
We revised its GHG emissions intensity targets, which is to recognise climate change science as set out by the United reduce our GHG emissions intensity by 20% by FY2025 from Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change.
Our vision is to produce some of the most believe that the global response to climate change should low-impact metals and minerals on the planet in keeping pursue twin objectives: both limiting temperatures in line with our overall vision of Zero Harm, Zero Waste, Zero with the goals of the Paris Agreement; and supporting the Discharge.
Our Energy and Carbon Management Policy to include a commitment to substantially decarbonize the and Performance Standard commit our operations to business by 2050.
The role of the Group climate-related issues, including the attainment of targets.
HSE & Sustainability is to ensure that: Each year, all of our business units and site locations are audited to evaluate their maturity levels against the Vedanta Group-level targets on carbon management Sustainability Framework (VSF), which is a set of policies, integrated into corporate planning and target standards, and guidance notes related to sustainability setting.
The company aligns its carbon management
carbon prices and scenario planning Strengthening biodiversity through R&D Climate related risks and opportunities Risk management is critical to overall profitability, competitive is a structured, consistent and continuous process for market positioning and long-term financial viability, to meet identification, assessment, monitoring and management of the commitments to our clients and other stakeholders.
Our approach of and increased administrative costs regulations, is both our prevention, accountability, engagement for monitoring and reporting.
Regulatory changes for coal-based thermal powerplants, any any law or regulation could result limiting or reducing GHG emissions regulation to reduce our GHG or other in costly liabilities.
Climate related risks and opportunities our operating expenses due to stringent impact the ability of organization to resources might impact the cost of penalties for non-compliance or in the access the finance due to inability for acquisition of resources such as water form of increased capital expenditures.
Vedanta risks related to extreme weather events Our Compliance Management System is consistently reviewing investor and changes in the availability of water aims to ensure adherence to legal expectations and the required response due to climate change.
A water risk assessment to achieve success in our overall is carried out to evaluate the risks at In the current business business performance.
Operations are PHYSICAL RISK become a risk of concern always at risk due to erratic weather for all our investors.
institutes across the globe are looking Physical impact of extreme Moreover, increased intensity and to decarbonise their portfolios to weather events may cause frequency of cyclones poses risk on minimize climate related risks.
We will be inventorying management philosophy and we will be With respect to the opportunities, our Scope 3 emissions and where initiating carbon due diligence activities we are expecting to benefit from the relevant - develop a roadmap to reduce at the time of the acquisition process increasing demand of metals like them.
We plan to engage long-term, and appropriate budgets will be copper, aluminium, zinc in the growing essential Tier-1 suppliers to submit their allocated to ensure that the transition is economies.
we explored various opportunities to They also have to align their strategies All of our projects are supposed to have improve our recycling capabilities, with Vedanta’s decarbonization strategy a carbon price attached to them by backed by significant investment.
While our last set of targets 2025.
All of the BUs will be building a with aluminium, copper, iron, lead and were aligned to India’s NDCs, we are roadmap & commit financial resources zinc production also forms a major part deliberating if Science Based Targets for infrastructure upgrade to address of our operations and we have taken (SBT) should be adopted for the entire climate impacts.
group, or if we should continue to be with Innovation cells at all BUs to aligned to India’s emissions reduction include GHG reduction as a key area of Vedanta has initiated climate scenario goals.
We stay Vedanta meets nearly 90% of its energy requirement committed with our efforts towards reduction in overall from its captive power plants (CPP).
Coal and natural gas energy consumption, improvement through energy efficiency are the dominant fuels for our CPPs and the company and integration of clean energy sources.
We have adopted makes significant effort to ensure that we optimize their a well-formulated strategy to meet our goals of energy performance efficiency.
ANNEXURES Carbon and Energy ...Responsible energy management We have adopted a well-formulated strategy to meet our initiatives are taken to reduce the energy consumption.
To reach these goals, we set FY 2021, the organization undertook energy conservation well-defined targets for energy efficiency, which is followed projects.
Operational reduction" Total 1,616,173 YEAR Energy consumption (million GJ) TOTAL FY2021 527.89 15 542.89 ENERGY CONSUMPTION FY2020 519 12 531 FY2019 485 68 553 Direct energy consumption Indirect energy consumption 50 VEDANTA LIMITED SDR 2020-21 --- PAGE 51 --- Carbon and Energy CASE STUDY Solar energy deployment SDG 7 Affordable and Clean Energy at our operations SDG 7.2 Increase global percentage of renewable energy Hindustan Zinc commissioned 12MW solar reducing our land use.
operations to ensure that fair allocation of water is maintained for key municipal, agricultural and industrial users in the These policies, standards, and SOPs ensure that our regions where we operate in.
| GOVERNANCE | ENVIRONMENT | OUR PEOPLE | ENABLING OUR COMMUNITIES | ANNEXURES Water and Tailings Dam Management CASE STUDY Water positive at SDG 6 Clean water and sanitation Hindustan Zinc Limited TARGET 6.4 Substantially increase water-use efficiency across all sectors and ensure sustainable withdrawals and supply of freshwater to address water scarcity and substantially reduce the number of people suffering from water scarcity As one of the leaders in the Mining industry our commitment to the journey of water our group company Hindustan Zinc - has stewardship.
been certified a 2.41 times Water Positive Company based on assurance carried The company has prepared a roadmap to out by DNV GL, a globally renowned further reduce the water footprint while risk management and quality assurance implementing strategies and structures in company.
And company and achieve 25% reduction in being the economic engine for Rajasthan, freshwater consumption.
Increasing efficiency in water usage and exploring less water-intensive Initiatives such as rainwater harvesting, technologies recharge to groundwater and the use of treated sewage water have enabled us to Using alternative water sources to achieve this distinction.
The company has reduce dependencies on freshwater State-of-the-Art Effluent Treatment Plants & Recycling Facilities, Sewage Treatment Replenish water within local Plant, increased water efficiency and rain watersheds and rainwater water harvesting structures; advancements harvesting in which have significantly contributed to this water stewardship drive.
High volume- low-toxicity wastes is guided by ‘The resource use and waste management’ are stored in tailings dams/ash-dykes or other secure- Technical Standard and supporting guidance notes, which landfill structures before being sent to other industries as are part of the Vedanta Sustainability Framework.
ensure no environmental contamination, which however are not a permanent solution Industrial symbiosis is put in place to to the increasing quantity with increased ensure sustainable utilization of waste, red production.
We have so In order to ensure responsible utilization far dispatched over 18 Kt of Red mud to of the residue, we undertook studies to different companies in Andhra Pradesh and further examine the properties of red mud Rajasthan, starting February ’21. and find alternate modes of utilization.
Effective management of tailing dams is part of to audit our tailing management system and advice on the our sustainability commitment: Zero Harm, Zero Waste and safe design, construction and operation of all our tailings Zero Discharge.
Our principle concern is to we have closed ~84% of the findings and the remaining are ensure the safety of the people who live downstream from our work-in-progress.
To improve the management of our tailing dams and ash ponds, we have taken some significant measures over Additional oversight mechanisms have been put in place, the last 24 months.
The advanced technological process presents four-fold benefits in the form of: Enhanced recovery of aluminium from the dross, to the extent of 90% of the available metal; Utilizing existing energy in freshly skimmed dross leads to significant savings in energy consumption; Environmental and people safety due to avoidance of direct disposal of dross in landfills; Depleted dross is used to manufacture value added products for the steel industry, which reduce carbon footprint of steel manufacturing 35% 5% 60% 100% Aluminium recovery Aluminium recovery Depleted dross used Recycling from hot dross from cold dross to make briquettes STAGE + STAGE + STAGE = OUTPUT 1 2 3 Hot dross processing Cold dross processing Steel slag conditioner Briquettes (CLIENT PLANT)
Vedanta used in secondary refining of steel, with significant reduction Jharsuguda is now a zero hazardous waste smelter, and with in power consumption and increased refractory life, thus BALCO also announcing a partnership with Runaya, Vedanta improving sustainability.
This circular, end-to-end approach is well on track to become the first zero hazardous waste to manufacturing and waste management aligns with our company by FY’22. philosophy of ‘zero waste, zero discharge,’ preventing landfills “Circularity in business is the need of the hour, and I’m proud of
the ‘zero waste, zero discharge smelter’ feat our Jharsuguda team has achieved with Runaya’s support.
- C N Singh, CEO, Vedanta Ltd., Jharsuguda “Runaya is firmly committed to disrupting the linear economy model currently existing in the industry and ushering in a circular economy model by deploying cutting edge technology and innovation in the resources sector with focus on sustainability solutions.
We at BALCO are aligning our energies to stand tall towards ecosystem restoration and nurturing environment conservation efforts across all our areas of operations.”
We closely monitor the impact of our operations on the air YEAR Stack emissions (in MT) FY2021 19,427 210,241 66,305 FY2020 11,215 257,676 67,317 FY2019 8,871 242,236 67,278 Particulate matter SOx NOx ESL Steel Limited 62 VEDANTA LIMITED SDR 2020-21 --- PAGE 63 --- Air Quality and Emissions Control CASE STUDY Asset Transformation SDG 9 Industry, Innovation and Infrastructure SDG 15 Life on Land Development of the Lisheen Mine began in Authorities were careful to ensure that 1997, with production commencing in 1999.
adequate conditions were included in all Over the life of the mine an annual average permits to ensure that mine closure was of 165,000 MT in zinc metal concentrates properly catered for.
This is an integral part of our commitment to operations can create an irreparable damage to the sustainable development.
Additionally, HZL is part of IUCN’s – Leaders At Vedanta we have committed to “Do No Harm” and extend for Nature program and Zinc International has worked our hands to the surrounding environment to protect the extensively with IUCN to ensure that we meet our No Net biodiversity impacts.
64 VEDANTA LIMITED SDR 2020-21 --- PAGE 65 --- Biodiversity Management CASE STUDY Enhancing biodiversity value SDG 15 Life on Land by conservation of threatened TARGET 15.5 Take urgent and significant action species to reduce the degradation of natural habitats, halt the loss of biodiversity and protect & prevent the extinction of threatened species Ravva offshore block of Cairn has been Fishing cats are good swimmers with producing Crude Oil & Natural Gas for semi-webbed paws and a relatively short over two and half decades serving the but muscular tail that can be used as a energy demands of the country.
Our workforce plays a monumental role in helping the organisation its target.
We want to ensure that all of our it to each other, and to all our communities and stakeholders, 70000+ diverse workforce goes back home every day.
Culture of care A culture of care is the one where every decision is taken level HSE policy is in place to ensure health and safety are keeping in mind the wellbeing, safety and health of all embedded as a value across our operations.
We are committed to protecting human health and efforts also contribute in meeting the UN Sustainable ensuring a safe working environment for all our employees Development Goal (SDG) of Decent Work and Economic and business partner workers.
CASE STUDY India’s first underground SDG 8 Decent Work and Economic Growth ambulance and first aid station TARGET 8.8 Protect labour rights and provide safe work conditions for all During the financial year Rampura Agucha (Automatic External Defibrillators), ECG Mine developed India’s first underground machine, Oxygen Cylinders, blood pressure first aid room & underground ambulance monitor, saline facility with a stretcher station.
own safety as well as for the safety of their colleagues and CASE STUDY Safety booster program SDG 8 Decent Work and Economic Growth at Jharsuguda TARGET 8.8 Protect labour rights and provide safe work conditions for all SAFETY BOOSTER PROGRAM No. of Trainees 2020-21 14 April 9 May 25 June The safety culture of conducted, and more than Manager Feedback 5 July an organization cannot 250 employees benefited Safety Prescription be created or changed from this program.
It is aimed at 43 December booster program has been Psychometric reducing the potential developed to change the Questionnaire accidents by inculcating 31 January approach of shop floor Employee behaviour-based safety team from reactive to Counselling Sheet culture at work.
To address the issue in a structured manner our biggest site, HZL embarked upon an industrial Hygiene improvement journey in 2020 with following objectives: 1. Identify health hazards to chemical and physical agents 2.
Heat Stress Management HZL is currently exploring options to Asbestos Inspection and further reduce exposure at source 2.
mitigation process for protection of 70 VEDANTA LIMITED SDR 2020-21 --- PAGE 71 --- Safety and Wellbeing of Our Employees Safety policies and framework Our safety culture is guided by a robust health and 45001 and align to ICMM guidelines and other applicable safety framework encompassing all activities across the international occupational health and safety management organisation.
The robust framework, guided by our commitment framework.
Our safety standards portfolio has gradually expanded to incorporate additional critical risks We have 16 safety performance standards and over 20 health identified because of our incident investigations.
We aim to and safety technical and management standards.
Trainings, being a key factor of these controls, are provided to all our employees and contractual In FY2021 we imparted over 1 Milliom hours of safety & staff in order to increase the competency in identifying and occupational health trainings to our employees, contract preventing the H&S risks.
Through various trainings we have achieved a continuous Training Initiatives like CHESS module have been pivotal in improvement in performance standard compliance.
Our incorporating Occupational health and safety throughout target now is to draw from our learning of these trainings our organization.
Unfortunately, there have been 8 fatalities in the and investigation, we have formulated taskforces to reporting period.
Their loss is a increased our focus on visible felt leadership.
tragic reminder for us to continuously work to strengthen and improve our safety management systems.
ANNEXURES Human Resource and Talent Development Talent Development People are our most valuable asset and we are committed to providing all our employees with a safe and healthy work environment.
It is due to our investment in our people that has enabled us to become one of the largest, diversified metals and mining companies in the World.
We align our business goals HR with individual goals and enable our employees to grow on a PRIORITIES personal as well as professional front.
It ensures that we have the right personnel in place to meet our business objectives as well as a talent pipeline for the future.
Commitment to ensuring that all our workplaces are free from all forms of discrimination or any kind of harassment.
Striving to drive and achieve industry best practices in our social stewardship.
Ensuring smooth integration in terms of mergers and acquisitions, upholding and honouring all ongoing commitments and sharing best practices with the aim of achieving internal alignment of processes and systems.
The initiative aims to create a three-level succession slate we nurture and groom talent for the COOs for key businesses in the Group.
We achieve this by scheme, disability coverage, parental leave, retirement providing career growth & leadership opportunities across benefits and management grades are covered under stock all levels, with an emphasis on promoting gender diversity options scheme of Vedanta.
Their innovative ideas help us steadily grow volumes, optimise costs and identify other key drivers to make the organisation more agile to protect our margins, despite market variations 78 VEDANTA LIMITED SDR 2020-21 --- PAGE 79 --- Human Resource and Talent Development Communication and feedback We value our workforce and have a very robust mechanism talent pool by encouraging internal dialogue between senior to exchange feedback for improvement.
We believe that this will help to fast-track the assessment and development of leaders The various internal channels of communication, including and we aim to extend this to cover all our professionals in due Chairman’s workshops, town hall meetings, daily leadership course.
update forums, HSE Leadership and Sustainability Steering Committee meetings, site-level risk sub-committees, We have seen a decline in our attrition rate from last year employee engagement surveys, and the various engagement at 6.5%, and we believe it is a result of our efforts towards forums at site - both formal and informal, allow us to engage introducing employee friendly policies like the ESOPs.
Added with cultural sensitivity, insight The group’s commitment to diversity and inclusion extends to and local knowledge, it is the bedrock for our long-term all areas of our business.
Promoting it will need a balanced concerted effort across Vedanta is committed to the cause of promoting diversity and company’s internal values, processes, policies.
Our objective is to achieve gender parity special interest groups.
companies that enjoy a healthy gender diversity ratio across Our Group Executive Committee has a gender diversity of all levels.
We have 14% female representation in aggregate on group companies are driving strategic initiatives and are the executive committees of our businesses and 16.6% female instrumental in addressing some of key business issues.
our supply chain to adopt a similar and our contribution to society and commitment to sustainability.
In the areas where we operate often, we are drivers of economic growth and development for the communities and it is this position, which drives us to ensure that we are the developer of choice in our operation areas.
PARAMETERS SECURITY PERSONNEL TRAINING IMPARTED TO % Security personnel trained in human rights policies 3,546 3182 89.73% or procedures We draw upon these global guidelines for developing our rights policy which requires us to promote fair and working Human Rights Policy that prohibits engaging child or forced conditions to avoid any human rights impact, we aim to be labour across our supply chain.
Moreover, our Code of an equal opportunity employer and we preserve and respect Business Conduct and Ethics (Code) commits us to comply the culture and heritage of our local communities.
We committed to FPIC and engage with local vulnerable communities to include them in the decision- making process, our intent is always to preserve indigenous cultural heritage.
include a supplier screening checklist to evaluate contractor compliance relating to key issues like legal compliances, HSE A supplier relationship management e-learning module management, labour management, human rights and child ensures transparency and provides a communication labour.
| GOVERNANCE | ENVIRONMENT | OUR PEOPLE | ENABLING OUR COMMUNITIES | ANNEXURES Community Interventions Community provides us the critical support to grow that are part of the Vedanta Sustainability Framework (VSF).
industry, and we regularly garner inputs and insights from stakeholders to improve our programmes.
Governed by our in-house CSR Policy and to improve the quality of life of local communities through Sustainability Framework, the Council is responsible for our community development programmes in a manner that governance, synergy and cross-learning across the group’s upholds the dignity of all our stakeholders.
The Board CSR Committee comprises senior development programmes focus on poverty alleviation Independent Directors; and apart from providing strategic programs, especially integrated development, that impacts direction for CSR activities, it also approves plans and the overall socio-economic growth and empowerment budgets, and reviews progress of initiatives.
by the Vedanta CSR policy and corporate technical standards KEY FEATURES TYPES OF INTERVENTIONS Anganwadis and child-care centres; public Children’s • 90+ initiatives across our school infrastructure support (including well-being and Group companies sanitation)
; scholarships teacher training; • Nearly 39 Million children digital classrooms & computer aided education benefit from these learning centres; libraries; vedanta-run programmes schools; exam preparation counselling; career counselling science fairs KEY FEATURES TYPES OF INTERVENTIONS • 60+ initiatives across our Support to primary health centres; hiv/ Healthcare Group companies aids awareness programs; health camps; • Nearly 2.4 million people mobile health vans; specialist doctor benefit from these support; nutrition programs; vedanta-run programmes hospitals; health awareness drives KEY FEATURES TYPES OF INTERVENTIONS • 15+ initiatives across our Women’s Group companies • 32,000+ women benefit Self Help Groups; Women’s co-operatives; empowerment from these programmes Micro-enterprises • 3,300+ SHGs and 300+ micro-enterprises formed 90 VEDANTA LIMITED SDR 2020-21 --- PAGE 91 --- Community Interventions KEY FEATURES TYPES OF INTERVENTIONS • 45+ initiatives across our Drinking water Group companies Provision of drinking water; construction • Nearly 250,000 people of toilets; RO plant set up; digging of & sanitation benefit from these borewells; handpump repair/installation; programmes sanitation drives KEY FEATURES TYPES OF INTERVENTIONS Tube-wells/open-wells/borewells; check- • 40+ initiatives across our dams; roads; parks; public education Community Group companies infrastructure; community centres; health infrastructure • 360,000+ people and centres; village walls & gates; renovation 3,000+ families benefit of sports complexes; temples irrigation from these programmes channels; drains; bus stands; streetlights; ponds; public cctv installations KEY FEATURES TYPES OF INTERVENTIONS Upskilling Sewing centres; Vocational training • 20 initiatives across our centres; Technical & computer literacy youth Group companies programmes; Traditional crafts and • 2,000+ youth trained painting training KEY FEATURES TYPES OF INTERVENTIONS Climate change adaptation; Wadi-based Agriculture agriculture; water-shed rejuvenation; & Animal • 50+ initiatives across our agriculture-based natural resource Group companies management; dairy and livestock husbandry • 62,000+ farmers benefited development; farmer training; self-help groups; co-operatives; veterinary care; irrigation channel maintenance KEY FEATURES TYPES OF INTERVENTIONS • 30+ initiatives across our Sports & Rural sports; Sponsorship for: para- Group companies athletes; Marathons; Sports tournaments; culture • 43,000+ sportspersons Music festivals; Football and archery and culture enthusiasts training academies benefited KEY FEATURES TYPES OF INTERVENTIONS Environmental restoration & Sapling plantation & greenbelt • 96,000+ saplings planted management; Water conservation protection and are under maintenance structures; Pond desilting VEDANTA LIMITED SDR 2020-21 91 --- PAGE 92 --- BUSINESS OVERVIEW | GOVERNANCE | ENVIRONMENT
No poverty of responsible development TARGET 1.1 Eradicate extreme poverty, 1.2 Reduce by half people living in poverty SDG 2 Zero hunger TARGET 2.1 End hunger and ensure access to safe, nutritious, and Our operations in Lanjigarh are in COVID restrictions in the state.
Clean water and sanitation villages collectively have 235 families which will be impacted by the resettlement Our aim is to secure rights of people in the TARGET 6.1 activity and we are ensuring to go beyond community, so each household is provided Universal and sustenance for the affected.
We understand drinking water for all process of completion to be shifted to that we need to listen to the community rehabilitation colony and the remaining to ensure we receive continuous feedback will be completed by December 2021.
Through the cell we encourage the development training to ensure their gainful community to constantly engage with us in TARGET 8.3 employment, through KIIT University, which the form of grievances and critique.
Promote policies is an internationally acclaimed university in that encourage the Bhubaneshwar.
The duration of the training We are aiming to be the developer of growth of small is from 6 months to 3 years.
Due to COVID, choice in areas of our operations and it and medium-sized the training classes were conducted online, is not possible without the support of the industries but will resume in August depending on communities.
| OUR PEOPLE | ENABLING OUR COMMUNITIES | ANNEXURES Community Interventions Nand Ghar Initiative Our Nand Ghar, novel program aimed at women and child “Anganwadis” aimed at eradicating child malnutrition, empowerment has helped in creating a significant impact providing education, healthcare and providing women with in communities around our impact zones.
Our approach Third Party Review Economic profitability is not our only mantra to thrive but we aim to be the first choice of the people and position ourselves Pilot Projects as a responsible corporate citizen.
We were able to form social The third-party review in 2019 and its subsequent report to performance management committees (SPMC) at each Executive Committee prompted us to take self-assessment unit which guided our business to garner the trust of the across our business units in FY 2021.
Our understanding ELEMENTS OF SOCIAL PERFORMANCE Over the period we have developed dynamic policies and frameworks to ensure that our social license to operate is acceptable and applaudable in the area of operation.
These FAIR & • Local Livelihood policies were last updated in 2020 and are in TRANSPARENT • Livelihood considerations alignment with the international good practices including ICMM and IFC standards.
We present a few improvement these accolades reinforce our determination to select awards below.
BALCO received Golden Peacock Award which Balco wins commendation certificate for significant recognizes the organization which create a balance achievement at CII-ITC Sustainability Award 2020.
Institutional member # Member of Executive Board CC Committee Chair 104 VEDANTA LIMITED SDR 2020-21 --- PAGE 105 --- External Indices Aspect UNGC Principle Report Reference Human Rights Principle 1: Businesses should support and respect the protection of Human Rights internationally proclaimed human rights Principle 2: Make sure that they are not complicit in human rights abuses Human Rights Labour Rights Principle 3: Businesses should uphold the freedom of association and the Human Rights effective recognition of the right to collective bargaining Child and Forced Labour Principle 4:
The elimination of all forms of forced and compulsory labour Human Rights Principle 5: The effective abolition of child labour Human Rights Principle 6: The elimination of discrimination in respect of employment and Diversity and Equal occupation Opportunity Environment Principle 7: Business should support a precautionary approach to GRI Content Index environmental challenges Principle 8: Undertake initiatives to promote greater environmental Environment sustainability Principle 9: Encourage the development and diffusion of environmentally Environment friendly technologies Anti-Corruption Principle 10: Business should work against corruption in all its forms, Code of Business including extortion and bribery Ethics VEDANTA LIMITED SDR 2020-21 105 --- PAGE 106 --- BUSINESS OVERVIEW | GOVERNANCE | ENVIRONMENT
The Company’s statements that describe expression of opinion, belief, aspiration, expectation, aim or future intention; (cid:31) Understanding ctrhitee raiap;propriateness of various assumptions and methodologies for estimations used by Vedanta for data (cid:31)
s2u1s.tainability performance data analysis; that are included in the Report; Our observations and opportunities for improvement (cid:31)
Specifically, the Company may improve the auditability of data trail up to the first level of data entry 2 Moderate level of assurance: Implies assurance provided based on the ‘limited’evidence which are compiled from internal sources and parties.
BUSINESS OVERVIEW | GOVERNANCE | ENVIRONMENT | OUR PEOPLE | ENABLING OUR COMMUNITIES | ANNEXURES Appropriate documentary evidence was obtained to support our conclusions on the information and data verified.
Intended Users of this Assurance Statement Our observations and opportunities for improvement This Assurance Statement is intended to be part of Vedanta’s Sustainability Report for the Financial Year 2020-21.
Specifically, the Company may improve the auditability of data trail up to the first level of data entry The Report content and its presentation are the sole responsibilities of the management of the Company.
The Company into the system for all indicators, and also improve on efficiency of retrieval of documentary evidence in a timely manner.
We have implemented measures to ensure that we follow the applicable independence procedures.
We are also committed to ensuring that we encourage local vendors become part of our supply chain so that the presence of our businesses benefits the local economies and communities.
102-10 Significant changes to the No significant change to our supply chain or our organization in FY2020-21 organization and its supply chain 102-11 Precautionary Principle or Vedanta seeks to ensure that all of our operations follow a stringent application approach of environmental and social principles.
We are also committed to ensuring that we follow the principles of Free, Prior, Informed Consent (FPIC) in communities that consist of populations of indigenous peoples.
202-1 Ratios of standard entry level At all our significant locations, we ensure that the ratios of entry level wages meet wage by gender compared to or exceeds the legal requirements and complies with all applicable laws.
We have a long standing commitment to transparency and are proud of the value we generate and how this contributes to building trust with the communities in which we operate.
The same is demonstrated in our vision, objectives, actions and achievements.
We are fully committed to working with integrity and have upheld ‘uncompromising business ethics.’
We understand the implications of our energy consumption, both in terms of its cost to the natural environment as well as cost to the operations; and are committed to meet our energy demands, while limiting our carbon emissions.
We remain fully supportive of the outcomes of the Paris Agreement and have taken on carbon reduction targets in alignment with the Nationally Determined Contributions (NDC) of the Government of India.
Increase due to ramp up in production in our Aluminium India Business # Decrease due to the shut-down of our operations in Tuticorin and mines in Goa *
We have steadily increased our water recycling rate in the last three years VEDANTA LIMITED SDR 2020-21 117 --- PAGE 118 --- BUSINESS OVERVIEW | GOVERNANCE | ENVIRONMENT
The total water withdrawal has marginally decreased in comparison to FY2018-19, when we withdrew 155.60 million cubic meters of water.
This is an integral part of our commitment to sustainable development.
We use best-in-class technologies to reduce to the minimum any particulate release.
We ensure this through the choice of products and services we offer to the society, our investment decisions, the contribution to public finances, direct & indirect employment opportunities and through our community projects.
| OUR PEOPLE | ENABLING OUR COMMUNITIES | ANNEXURES GRI Standards Index GRI STANDARD DISCLOSURE RESPONSE LABOUR/MANAGEMENT RELATIONS 103 GRI 103: Management Approach Vedanta supplies natural resources and the supply chain spans across all the 2016 five area of metals and mining, we work with over 8000 tier1 suppliers across various geographies and aim to have a responsible relationship with our business partners which is driven by supplier code of conduct.
For example, in India it is minimum 21 days, Zambia Minimum Notice Period is One Year; Namibia One Month and South Africa One Month OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY 103 GRI 103: Management Approach We continue to strengthen the ’Visible Felt Leadership‘ through the on-ground 2016 presence of senior management, improvement in reporting across all risk and verification of on-ground critical controls.
It is clearly stated in the agreement that the workmen / Recognized Union / Federation will support in all the measures / initiatives to be taken by the Company for improving production / productivity, work culture, quality & safety.
TRAINING AND EDUCATION 103 GRI 103: Management Approach Vedanta Sustainability Report 2020-21: 2016 404-1 Average hours of training per Vedanta Sustainability Report 2020-21: (Employee Training) year per employee 404-2 Programs for upgrading In line with our philosophy, continuous learning & capability building is imperative employee skills and transition for an organization to grow.
409-1 Operations and suppliers at Vedanta Sustainability Report 2020-21: (Alignment to modern slavery significant risk for incidents of act) forced or compulsory labour.
412-2 Employee training on human Vedanta Sustainability Report 2020-21: (Human Rights) rights policies or procedures 412-3 Significant investment Vedanta Sustainability Report 2020-21: (Alignment to modern slavery act) agreements and contracts that Through our Human Rights policy – which has been implemented across all include human rights clauses Group businesses - Vedanta is committed to ensuring that the processes that it or that underwent human rights has in place, and continues to develop, follow the UN Guiding Principles.
Details on vendors who were screened using MSA principles can be found here: Vedanta Sustainability Report 2020-21: Pages: 40; 89 (Alignment to modern slavery act )