As this is an area of continual improvement across our industry, we strive to update our disclosures in line with operating developments and with emerging best practice ESG reporting standards.
Reporting Frameworks and Boundaries Restatements We report annually according to internationally recognized ESG As we improve our sustainability reporting year on year, we reporting frameworks and standards, including Sustainability note that it may be necessary to restate our data.
Additionally, this report was reviewed by a cross-functional management CO e Carbon Dioxide Equivalent team, subject matter experts and the executive team, as 2 well as the Health, Safety, Environment and Corporate MMBOE Million Barrels of Oil Equivalent Responsibility (HSE&CR) Board Committee.
MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 2 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 3 --- Contents 2 15 41 49 Introduction Environmental Protecting Investing Protection and Our People in Our People
Spotlight: Digital 48 Emergency Innovation Response and Preparedness 48 Physical Security 54 59 65 Community Governance Performance Data Engagement and Responsible and Assurance Business Practices 55 Working With 60 Governance 66 Performance Data Communities Highlights 72 EEO-1 Data 56 Human Rights 61 Responsible 73 Independent Business Practices 56 Investing in Our Assurance Communities 63 Public Advocacy Statement 64 Supply Chain 74 Content Indices Management 86 Reader Advisory MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 3 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 6 --- Spotlight: COVID-19
Keeping Our People Safe When the pandemic hit in early 2020, our immediate priority was includes protocols for keeping our office and field work sites to ensure the health and safety of our employees and contractors safe, COVID-19 testing, positive case notification and contact globally, while minimizing interruptions to our business.
The Playbook also Operators Committee’s Level 3 status, which meant that we MMUURRPPHHYY OOIILL CCOORRPPOORRAATTIIOONN 66 22002211 SSUUSSTTAAIINNAABBIILLIITTYY RREEPPOORRTT --- PAGE 7 --- were testing every individual prior to flying them offshore.
Our To alleviate the feelings of anxiety, isolation and uncertainty we testing procedure has kept our offshore personnel safe and all faced, the management team committed to communicating healthy during regular crew changes and through the multiple as openly and frequently as possible, and to supporting and evacuations due to the record-setting hurricane season in 2020.
Communication channels included periodic company and Our Information Technology (IT) team worked swiftly to ensure department townhalls, weekly communications providing that our staff could work remotely.
This included developing COVID-19 updates, COVID-19 resources and dashboards, and creative ways to support a smooth, rapid adoption of Microsoft multiple Q&A sessions with medical experts.
To recreate the Teams, scaling up in-place security protocols, providing hardware sense of belonging that is difficult to achieve when working equipment to allow for efficient and effective home set-up, and remotely, our strong network of employees found creative to ramp up IT Service Desk support.
To support the mental, emotional and physical well-being of cleaning schedule, offered cleaning stations on every office floor our employees, we offered mental health webinars and wellness and followed social distancing guidelines for cubicle layouts resources as well as telemedicine tools.
We installed social-distancing team surveyed our staff to ensure that programs were meeting and personal hygiene guidelines, and reminder graphics were their needs and expanded benefit plans to provide coverage for physically installed in all common locations and displayed on our COVID-19 testing and other related items.
Committed to Our Stakeholder Community We have also worked to support our stakeholder community in Arkansas, and conducted food bank drives for our Houston during the pandemic.
Across the board, our commitments to To support the communities in which we live and work, we keeping all our stakeholders safe and healthy will endure, and will continued with company gift matching and our longstanding continue to evolve in the spirit of continuous improvement.
charitable commitment to the United Way and El Dorado Promise MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 7 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 8 --- Who We Are Murphy Oil Corporation is an independent exploration and production company with onshore and offshore oil and natural gas production operations in the United States and Canada.
The combination of our commitment and strong operational capabilities makes Murphy a preferred partner in all From the outset, we have remained committed to the highest communities in which we operate, as well as a welcomed partner of standards of social and environmental performance in all both independent and national oil companies.
Long before environmental, social and governance – or ESG – was a concept driving companies’ and stakeholders’ strategies and decision-making, our company’s founder, Charles H. Murphy Our approach to ESG is Sr., built his company on a strong commitment to integrity and doing what is right for our employees, communities and shaped by our deep, rich stakeholders.
They recognized that protecting and conserving the environment, investing in our people and communities and protecting the health and safety of our workforce aren’t only the “right” things to do, they also underpin our financial stability and As illustrated in the graphic below, our approach to ESG is based support our ongoing license to operate and sustain long-term on five principles, which guide the way we work every day.
We believe our longtime commitment to operating responsibly and using resources efficiently – coupled with our environmentally advantaged portfolio – position us to meet the Our Climate Change Position challenges and seize the opportunities of the energy transition Find out more about our climate change so we can remain an industry leader for years to come.
The following graphic illustrates our core ESG the report sufficiently addressed their issues of concern, and focus areas, and we continue to move our programs and to identify areas of improvement and, where appropriate, performance forward on these key issues.
For the purposes of Our ESG Focus Areas our sustainability reporting, we have adopted IPIECA/API/IOGP’s definition of “material” as outlined in “Sustainability Reporting ENVIRONMENT Guidance for the Oil and Gas Industry, 4th Edition, 2020:” “Material issues are those that – in the view of both management and external stakeholders – have the potential to significantly • Climate change, including energy transition and affect a company’s sustainability performance and stakeholder scenario analysis awareness, assessments or decisions.”
We engage to us; we use their input to guide, improve and/or formalize our with our employees, investors, the communities where we work internal policies.
• Direct channels such as focus groups and interviews, investor roadshows and outreaches, proxy voting and We are committed to improving the relevancy and transparency meetings.
This year, we began an effort to map our ESG efforts and Meeting the SDGs by 2030 will require the private sector, priorities onto the United Nations Sustainable Development including our company, to work alongside governments, Goals (SDGs), which provide a blueprint to achieve a better and nongovernmental organizations and communities.
MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 12 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 14 --- ESG Executive Management Committee • As necessary, review and provide comments to the In 2019, the company formalized the process by which we company regarding policies, reports and communications monitor and manage sustainability risks and opportunities, by regarding ESG-related matters establishing an ESG Executive Management Committee.
Review and provide comments on the company’s sustainability reports The primary responsibilities of the committee are: •
Ensure the company has timely and accurate information The ESG Executive Management Committee is required to meet regarding laws, regulations and industry trends related at least quarterly and reports to the HSE&CR Board Committee.
to ESG matters, including climate, responsible business The committee has delegated the responsibility of producing the conduct, the community, and diversity, equity and inclusion annual sustainability report to the Sustainability Working Group.
Further, the committee may delegate other responsibilities to • Monitor and advise the company on current and emerging other working groups or subcommittees.
Assist the HSE&CR Board Committee or other Board publication of our annual sustainability report as well as other Committees with respect to ESG matters ESG matters, as directed by the ESG Executive Management Committee.
ESG Executive Management Committee Sustainability Working Group Reports to HSE&CR Board Committee Reports to ESG Executive Management Committee Chaired by President and Chief Executive Officer Chaired by Director of Sustainability Current members: Comprised of representatives from the following President and Chief Executive Officer business units: Finance and Treasury Law Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Health, Safety and Operations Executive Vice President, Operations Environmental Risk Management Senior Vice President, General Counsel Human Resources and Corporate Secretary Supply Chain Management Investor Relations and Senior Vice President, Technical Services Communications Vice President, Human Resources and Administration Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications Director, Governance and Legal Services Director, Sustainability See the Governance and Responsible Business Practices section () for more on our approach to other governance issues.
We are committed to conducting our business in a manner that We believe that communicating our ESG commitments, plans protects and conserves the environment and that protects the and progress is key to enhancing our business, improving health, safety and security of all personnel.
This commitment is embedded in the way we have structured our portfolio of assets, developed our strategy, and implemented continuous improvements in our operational processes.
Protecting and preserving the environment is a deep- refining, oil sands and heavy oil, we have reduced our exposure rooted principle for everyone at Murphy, starting with our to emissions-intensive activities.
in equipment upgrades and new technology, to monitor, measure and improve our environmental performance.
This transition has made our business more sustainable comprehensive HSE Management System (see ).
We and significantly reduced our emissions footprint.
We believe that as the energy economy transitions under the Paris Agreement, oil and natural gas will continue to play a vital role in the long-term energy mix.
reduction of At Murphy, we are committed to reducing our GHG emissions, 15-20 and focused on understanding and mitigating our climate change ▼ risks.
We by 2030 have also committed to reduce our Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions intensity by 15% to 20% by 2030 against a 2019 baseline, excluding the Malaysia operations, which we divested in 2019.
As we continue to capture, track and improve our reporting of 0 methane and flaring metrics, we also intend to introduce methane intensity and flaring intensity external targets by the end of 2021.
In this section, we share our efforts to improve our emissions Routine Flaring performance and our climate governance, strategy, risk by 2030 identification and management and metrics and targets, in alignment with the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) core elements.
The processes used by the organization to identify, assess and manage climate-related risks Metrics Metrics and Targets and Targets The metrics and targets used to assess and manage relevant climate-related risks and opportunities Source: www.fsb-tcfd.org Transparent Emissions Reporting Murphy is committed to transparently reporting, as well • Canada (Federal) – GHGRP as reducing, our GHG emissions.
We prepared an internal, annual Worldwide GHG Emissions Report from • Where necessary, additional source types were added to 2001 through 2017, and have continually refined our emission all assets (e.g., indirect emissions) for consistency across surveys as we strive for improved measuring and tracking.
In 2017, we established internal annual GHG emissions targets for our operating business units, • United States – Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) which are reset every year.
In 2020, we committed to reducing GHG Mandatory Reporting Rule our emissions intensity further by setting a 2030 reduction • Canada (British Columbia)
– Greenhouse Gas Industrial target of 15% to 20% below our 2019 levels, excluding Reporting and Control Act: Greenhouse Gas Emission Malaysia.
We have made significant investments to reduce GHG and other Between 2016 and 2020, our total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions, spending approximately $100 million from 2015 to emissions fell by 47%, and total company GHG emissions 2020.
Reducing emissions is a top priority across all our business intensity decreased by 43%.
Our emissions intensity decreased by about our operations and facility design teams work collaboratively 10% from 2019 to 2020, putting us on a clear path to achieving to incorporate GHG reduction technologies and practices into our goal of reducing emissions intensity by 15% to 20% by 2030 our existing operations, as well as new facilities.
We continue to focus on implementing established internal technical sharing sessions to communicate emissions-reducing initiatives to ensure the reductions are best practices and provide a forum to evaluate applicability sustainable under future increased activities.
Our investment in electric cranes on the King’s Quay floating driving over 6 million miles,6 or the annual energy consumption production system, to be installed in the US Gulf of Mexico in of 370 US homes.6 2022, will reduce emissions by over 92 metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent (mtCO e) each year, or ~2,800 mt CO e
As a result, the company is with the combustion of fuel to run equipment critical to our targeting efforts to reduce methane emissions and has built operations.
Improving the efficiency of our combustion practices redundant pipelines to minimize flaring due to downstream reduces associated GHG emissions, as well as emissions of third-party constraints and invested in technologies that reduce nitrogen oxide (NO ), sulfur oxide (SO ) and volatile organic X X venting and fugitive emissions, including: compounds (VOCs).
Strategies we are using to reduce combustion-related emissions include: • Electrification of facilities, pumping units and instrument air compressors • Dual-fuel fracturing fleet –
This is expected to reduce both GHG and NO X • Solar-powered chemical pumps and batteries emissions.
Reducing truck transportation – We have reduced truck transportation by connecting production in our operating We continue to seek improvements to reduce our methane fields via pipelines whenever practical and cost-efficient, emissions.
In 2021, we intend to introduce an external target for and utilizing lay-flat hose to transport fresh water and high- methane intensity.
8 Clean Air Task Force, https://www.catf.us/ MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 19 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 20 --- Improving Emissions Performance: Flaring These efforts will drive improvement in our management of Flaring of natural gas is a controlled process for eliminating emissions and climate-related risk exposure, reduction of emissions of methane and VOCs, which is necessary for safe regulatory and policy risk and responsible production of oil and operations within the oil and natural gas production process.
Murphy is committed to limiting flaring as much as possible at all of our locations, to protect the environment and to capture Between 2017 and 2020, our flaring performance on a metric as much natural gas as possible.
Per the to achieve our commitment to reduce flaring, we anticipate US Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement (BSEE) continued improvement in the methane intensity of assets under regulations, we conduct zero routine flaring at our Gulf of Mexico our operational control.
In 2021, we endorsed the Texas Methane & external target for flaring intensity.
Flaring Performance Our process improvements to reduce flaring include: Metric Tons CO e/MMBOE Metric Tons CO e/MMBOE 2 2 • Eliminating flare stacks from the design of new facilities 14,000 in our Tupper Montney operations.
Extending our operated flowline and pipeline network and utilizing third-party underutilized pipelines and infrastructure, where possible, to increase natural gas handling capabilities and reduce flaring Committing to Emissions Reductions and Industry Partnership Murphy is one of the 26 founding members of The Environmental Partnership (EP), launched by the API in 2017.
As a member, Murphy has committed to and is working to achieve the following: • Implementing leak detection and repair (LDAR) programs at all relevant assets, including regular optical gas imaging and timely repair of identified leaks • Replacing high-bleed pneumatic controllers – so far, we have eliminated 90% of these controllers in our US onshore operations, primarily replacing them with air-actuated devices • Reducing emissions from pipeline blowdowns – we reduce pressure and gas volumes prior to pipeline blowdowns, and when possible, route gas to flare for destruction, to reduce emissions • Flaring-reduction best practices – we follow a range of flaring best practices (see Improving Emissions Performance: Flaring above) MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 20 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 22 --- Climate Strategy
The Stated Policies Scenario (STEPS) reflects the impact of Our strategy and asset portfolio position the company to deliver announced policy intentions and targets – Nationally Determined on the dual challenge of providing affordable energy while Contributions (NDC) – submitted by the Paris Agreement lowering the intensity of emissions associated with our activities.
The SDS reflects a pathway aligned with the aim of the Paris Agreement of keeping a global temperature rise this century well As disclosed in the Risk Factors of our 2020 Annual Report, below 2ºC above pre-industrial levels and pursuing efforts to limit our risks fall into the following broad climate-related issues most the temperature increase even further, to 1.5ºC. This scenario relevant to our business model: projects that oil demand will fall by over 30% by 2040 and natural gas demand will fall by 12% by 2040.
If emissions are emissions and climate change, covering the short and held to zero, there is a 50% probability, according to the IEA, of medium term limiting the temperature rise to less than 1.65ºC. Temperature • Market transition – Global demand change toward non- rise could be limited to 1.5ºC with a 50% probability with the fossil fuel energy sources, covering the medium to long term deployment of negative emissions technologies after 2070 under the SDS, according to the IEA.
D O e il mand for Oil Million Barrels of Oil per Day Million Barrels per Day • Short-term – one to three years, which includes our annual budget and reporting period and allows for the realization 120 Stated Policies (STEPS) of near-term operational decisions 100 • Medium-term – four to eight years, which includes our planning cycle and captures strategic initiatives such as the 80 materialization of exploration ventures and further capital allocation into our larger assets 60 Sustainable Development • Long-term – beyond eight years, and evaluated more 40 (SDS) fully against the external scenarios that represent alternate transition pathways and the underlying policy, technical 20 and market assumptions, such as those defined by the International Energy Agency (IEA) 0 2020
Short-term opportunities include fulfilling our commitments to The Environmental Partnership, as well as identifying electrification and infrastructure opportunities throughout our Demand for Natural Gas Natural Gas operations.
Medium-term opportunities include portfolio changes Billion Cubic Feet per Day Billion Cubic Feet per Day we have made and will continue to evaluate in the future; and 600 Stated Policies evaluating design concepts for new offshore facilities that (STEPS) improve emissions intensity over the life of the facility, such as 500 the improvements we implemented in the King’s Quay floating production system.
Our long-term strategy Sustainable is to allocate capital to investments in resources that will remain 300 Development economically attractive under various transition pathways.
In particular, the Stated Policies Scenario (STEPS) and Sustainable Development Scenario (SDS) as presented in the 0 World Energy Outlook 2020, frame potential oil and natural gas 2020 2030 2040 demand, as well as technology, policy and societal requirements tied to energy transition pathway objectives.
We also apply the associated crude supply, there is need for continued significant investment.
As discussed above, the IEA alternative As we seek to maximize the long-term value of our assets, we transition pathways suggest that oil and natural gas will know that we must manage foreseeable short-, medium- and continue to play a significant role in future energy demand.
We will remain disciplined in our capital allocation to Through our ERM process, we have identified the following ensure our future investments are competitive in these climate-related risks that might impact our strategy, and are various pathways.
As described in the Protecting Our People section (see ), Murphy − Increasing internal awareness and transparency performs exercises and drills based on different scenarios to increase communication both within and across for all our businesses.
− Enhancing data quality and tracking to provide Climate Metrics and Targets higher-quality data, processes and consistency for We use a range of metrics to assess our climate and emissions improved benchmarking and setting key performance performance, and our efforts to address related risks and indicators (KPIs) and emissions reduction targets.
We also track and report climate and emissions metrics highlight to our employees, shareholders, in addition recommended by the Sustainable Accounting Standards Board to our other stakeholders, our understanding of and (SASB) for oil and natural gas exploration and production commitment to climate change initiatives.
ensuring that our technical experts have access to We have established two external targets to drive our emissions the latest technological advancements, opportunities performance: a commitment to eliminate routine flaring by for participation in research and development, and 2030 and a goal to reduce Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions increasing our ability to effectively evaluate solutions intensity by 15% to 20% by 2030 from a 2019 baseline.
our commitment to reducing emissions and to progress toward For more information, see Improving Emissions the emissions intensity goal, we engaged ERM Certification Performance in this section (see ).
and Verification Services (ERM CVS) to conduct an independent • Market Transition Risk – Murphy has identified three key assurance on our absolute 2020 Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions.
climate-related issues related to the risk of the market transitioning away from fossil fuels and into lower carbon- For 2021, the Executive Compensation Committee of our emission sources.
The target metric for 2021 is some cases, the usage cost has been decreasing at set to ensure we remain on the path to achieving our medium- term goal of reducing our gross operationally controlled GHG a noticeably faster rate than previously anticipated.
To ensure we follow through with these efforts, intensive energy sources and carbon pricing could we are evaluating additional internal and external targets on lead to demand destruction and significantly impact flaring intensity and methane intensity, both metrics that we have long-term net oil and natural gas prices.
Additionally, we continue to investigate low-carbon technologies that complement our existing assets, strategy MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 25 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 26 --- Water Management Water is essential to our communities and our business, and we are committed to responsible water management, stewardship DO
Murphy strives Committed to Responsible Water Practices to be a leader in water management planning and practices, with the ultimate objective of significantly reducing the withdrawal and We understand the importance of water scarcity and the use of fresh water by our operations.
risks it poses, and we are committed to reduce our water use from the Board level down to every manager and employee.
We have made significant investments in infrastructure to We continue to integrate water scarcity into our regular minimize our dependence on fresh water and maximize our use risk assessments and into our business strategies.
We continually seek opportunities to reduce further stress.
Onshore Water is a key input for our hydraulic fracturing operations comprehensive planning to ensure adequate volumes and quality and is therefore critical to maintaining our onshore production of source water are available when required, and to manage post- targets.
To help ensure our water use is sustainable, we have frac storage and handling when wells are on production, with the a comprehensive water management strategy that addresses goal of maximizing water recycling, improving efficient water use development, planning and forecasting, water sourcing, and lowering costs.
We Water Management Strategy consider a range of factors, including ways to reduce fresh water Our water management strategy provides the foundation, use, preferences of area stakeholders, regional regulations, philosophy and framework for identifying and managing short- physical characteristics as well as economic and technical term and long-term needs, solutions and optimization programs.
Approximately 59 miles of water pipeline supports the alternative water sources and freshwater sources are required, saline reservoir by allowing direct displacement, storage and we ensure that our operations, when practicable, avoid wetlands, withdrawal without the need for trucking or third-party disposal.
streams, ponds and lakes, waters of the US (WOUS) or US Army This infrastructure reduces our demand on local freshwater Corps of Engineers (USACE) waterbodies, as well as areas with sources and substantially reduces the number of trucks needed higher water scarcity.
We work with trained natural resource In the Kaybob Duvernay, Canada, resource play, a unique specialists to conduct environmental site assessments, including area posing unique logistical challenges, Murphy invested in assessing the volume and timing of water flow required for freshwater pipeline (22 miles) and reservoir infrastructure in proper functioning of the local aquatic ecosystem analyses when 2019 and 2020.
We continue to evaluate We use the World Resource Institute’s Aqueduct Water Risk solutions to increase recycled water utilization.
Our dedicated Canadian freshwater networks allow us to strategically withdraw and impound water volumes necessary to Our Tupper Montney and Eagle Ford Shale fit-for-purpose support development activities during “water-rich” or “freshet” networks offer direct (1:1) freshwater use reductions.
Produced Water – Saline water that is brought to the surface during the production of hydrocarbons, including formation water, injection water and flowback water Recycled Water – Alternative water that is used in operations after treatment, to reduce freshwater withdrawal MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 28 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 29 --- Water Consumption We always prioritize using non-fresh water when possible.
SUPPORT EACH OTHER However, at some of Murphy’s locations, storage and conveyance restrictions limit our ability to reuse flowback and produced water.
also supports our daily and monthly inspection programs.
We continue to explore opportunities and technologies to support efforts to increase our recycling ratio.
We project that our TTuuppppeerr M Monotnnetnyey produced water use percentage per well completed will average 1% 32% 10% 100% approximately 40% in 2021, the highest performance achieved 83% since development of the asset began.
Our average recycled/freshwater ratio 100% 100% 92% 97% 96% used per well completion has increased approximately 400% 80% since 2017.
These groups include the Offshore Operators 2017 2018 2019 2020 Committee (OOC) Water Subcommittee, Montney Water Ground Water Municipal Surface Recycled Operators Group (MWOG), Fox Creek Operators Group (FCOG) Water Management Sub-Committee, Kiskatinaw River Users Group and the South Texas Energy & Economic Roundtable (STEER) Water Committee.
The Fox Creek Operators Group (FCOG) is a committed group of exploration and production companies working together to ensure the responsible development of the Kaybob Duvernay play in Alberta.
These reduced the following: − Activity in the river and at river’s edge − Surface operations due to proximity to permanent infrastructure − Risk of safety incidents related to the activities associated with temporary surface lines and equipment MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 32 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 33 --- Spills Management Managing spill risk is a critical element in reducing our Thanks to the efforts of our employees, contractors and those environmental impact.
Procedures to minimize such incidents are performing work at Murphy operations, our spill rate was covered by our HSE Policy and HSE Management System, asset 1.1 BBL spilled per MMBOE produced for 2020, substantially integrity management and internal annual targets.
below our target of 4.9 BBL per MMBOE and better than the IOGP North America 2019 benchmark of 2.9 BBL per MMBOE.
Historically, internal targets were set barrels of oil equivalent of operated production.
More notably, Murphy has not had an offshore spill greater than In 2019, we modified the spill metric target used in our annual one barrel since 2003.
We set the metric by reviewing industry peer data and setting a target we believe reflects favorable performance relative to the industry as a whole.
just 2 1.1 0 Years Running Barrels Spilled Offshore Spills Over 1 Barrel Beat IOGP North America per MMBOE Produced, Since 2003 Industry Average Spills Rate Surpassing 2020 Spill Target MMUURRPPHHYY OOIILL CCOORRPPOORRAATTIIOONN 3333 22002211 SSUUSSTTAAIINNAABBIILLIITTYY RREEPPOORRTT --- PAGE 34 --- Process Safety and Asset Integrity Process safety and asset integrity are central elements of Key highlights of our 2020 process safety and asset integrity our HSE Management System.
In 2020, we created a Global activities include: Asset Integrity and Reliability team to focus priorities, increase • Developing Computer-Based Training that details collaboration across business units and standardize practices and Murphy’s Process Safety Program and was pushed to all procedures where available.
Process Safety • Implementing an Alarm Management Dashboard that In 2018, we kicked off a multidisciplinary effort to create a allows us to increase performance and safety by improving focused and structured approach for process safety event our response time to rationalized alarms.
Over the past few years, we have been can lead to process safety events, identifying nuisance able to better understand and mitigate risks in our operations alarms, and tracking the alarms in place for improvement across all assets by modeling our program to the American over time.
All PSE 1 and 2 events are to-closeout timing and has improved overall adherence to investigated for root cause, and we take actions to ensure there is our management of change program.
In 2020, we implemented In 2020, Murphy completed the final stages of our subsea leak digital information systems to improve awareness of risk and the detection (SSLD) program.
We also reduced the risk of our higher-severity lines was implemented and put into operation.
We ensure that our wells are designed, drilled, completed and maintained to high and consistent standards, complying with all relevant laws and Murphy Murphy WWD and WWD Policy Well Operations Policy regulations, and compatible with the balanced economic and environmental needs of the community.
We review it periodically to assess changes and continuous Technical and Contractor Bridging Documents Completion Program improvement opportunities.
Local Manuals Basis of Design H2S Contingency Plan Floating Drilling (local) Risk Assessments Our well integrity guidelines, policies and procedures are aligned Standard Operating Procedures Best Practices with best practices and exceed regulation standards around the Barrier Policy world where we operate.
Once an onshore well is wells in ways that will prevent loss of well control and, in the brought online, its parameters, such as flow and pressures, can be case of onshore wells, ensure the protection of freshwater monitored remotely 24/7 in our ROC.
Key engineering and design best practices that we follow include: We continuously monitor offshore wells on location in our control rooms to ensure all wellbore parameters stay within • Multiple isolation barriers – We place steel casing and engineered wellbore design limits.
Well Abandonment of Corrosion Engineers (ANSI/NACE) standards to select Murphy performs well abandonments according to federal or proper materials and chemicals to ensure integrity of the state laws and regulations.
We work to ensure downhole isolation wellbore and surface equipment to prevent corrosion for of hydrocarbon and sulfur zones, protection of any freshwater the life of the well.
Drilling and Completions We are members of the Center for Offshore Safety (COS), an As part of the completions process, physical isolation devices industry-led initiative to promote continuous safety improvement are put in place to ensure that activities are executed in a flow- for offshore drilling, completions and operations through effective controlled and safe manner.
Industry lessons learned and best practices are referenced when the Murphy Worldwide Drilling Policy is reviewed to support continuous improvement.
The engineers work with vendors to identify and analyze technological and operational improvement opportunities for application to our assets/projects.
Our vendor selection process includes criteria for environmental and safety performance; we choose to work with contractors that support our sustainability goals.
Their goal is to assist clients in achieving their objectives of working safely with no incidents, accidents or injuries and recognizing issues that will reduce nonproductive time, while lowering overall cost.
In our offshore operations, our optimized chemical usage reduces •
We transitioned to a newly developed low dosage hydrate risks associated with the transportation of materials, as well as inhibitors (LDHI) product in December 2020, resulting in a transportation-related emissions.
In addition, we require chemical 47% reduction in the 1Q 2021 LDHI treatment volumes from vendors to commit to improvements in sustainability and safety.
Through digitization and automation We are also working with vendors on new product development in the chemical treatment program, we have been able to improve efficiencies to reduce overall usage.
We conduct to more closely monitor and optimize chemical usage, research into new sustainable chemistries and into implementing allowing for targeted rightsizing of pump infrastructure short- and long-term sustainability and environmental science- and the identification of operational strategies to mitigate based targets, including reduction in emissions and waste.
This process, along with dedicated technical optimization efforts, facilitated the total Key improvements we have achieved recently include: average reduction of 39% of chemical usage from 2019 to 2020 at Murphy’s operated facilities.
Our Front Runner facility transitioned to using a newly developed densified asphaltene inhibitor, resulting in a 66% reduction in asphaltene inhibitor chemical volume in 2020 from 2019.
Waste prevention and significantly reduces the volume of base fluid used to drill wells reduction at source are Murphy’s preferential options and are that must be “made up” or added back into the process from deployed whenever possible.
An Depending on the components within this material and the ancillary benefit of closed-loop systems is the ability to forgo the process in which they are generated, we manifest and ship these need for supporting pits or sumps, directly reducing construction items for onshore disposal as hazardous or nonhazardous.
The costs, improving safety, reducing environmental impacts and onshore disposal facilities are audited by Murphy to ensure that improving overall wellbore economics.
For example, we use enhanced computer models and This further enhances our machine learning, which improves databases to assist in risk-based asset integrity management, predictions and optimizes field development programs, along with scheduling proactive maintenance and repairs including well targeting and spacing through fiber optics, micro when recurrent issues are identified.
Process of mobile-based applications, as well as our onshore Remote improvements are often driven by the need to integrate Operations Center (ROC), to address real-time situations, systems and improve digital maturity for gapless data.
We including remote shutdowns, with operator route optimization. invest significant time and effort to normalize and clean the data, so decision-makers can work with more reliable data.
The centralized location for onshore videos and tutorials created to resolve problems identified drilling, completions and well management improves our by employees and contractors.
The virtual project team’s expertise in The ROC monitors pipeline pressures 24 hours a day, which keeping up with the latest infrastructure options often leads to prevents spills and also improves safety and environmental the implementation of software that makes the business more performance by reducing the time technicians spend on the responsive, limits the number of outdated legacy programs roads, reducing emissions, and by enabling faster response times.
This center achieves real-time frac optimization, along with Key examples of mLabs’ work include: multidisciplinary interaction, with a focus on completions • Gulf of Mexico production dashboard – a tool and minimizing impacts between the other wells.
The tool encompasses several dashboards and potential cube development to enhance well designs and that allow engineers to accurately monitor well continually improve execution.
This improves the company’s safety culture, reduces downtime and provides • HSE Safety Observation Program (SOP) – a mobile valuable insights into making the business more efficient.
MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 40 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 43 --- Health and Safety Management System We strive to achieve incident-free operations through continuous improvement processes managed by Murphy’s HSE Management System (HSE-MS), which engages all personnel, contractors and partners associated with Murphy operations and facilities, and provides a consistent method for integrating HSE concepts into our procedures and programs.
HSE-MS Emergency Framework 9 4 Response and Crisis Analysis Risk Management 8 5 Training and Facility Competency 7 6 Design and Construction Contractor Operational Control Management and Maintenance MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 43 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 44 --- Health and Safety Certification and Audit Our HSE-MS and Global Standard for Evaluation and Improvement require each Murphy business unit to conduct internal HSE field audits every three years.
We identify opportunities for improvement during this process and create corrective action plans to ensure that all items are addressed.
We identify any nonconformance and submit improvement actions to business unit leadership.
The US Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement (BSEE) conducts regular inspections of our offshore facilities and drilling rigs to ensure safety and environmental compliance across our Gulf of Mexico operations.
After obtaining certification, we have continuously improved our performance though audits, scoring higher year after year as a result of internal program enhancements.
consistently make up over 80% of our work hours, we focus Key initiatives in addition to our regular training and exercise on contractor engagement at two levels: (1) the executive drills include: level, where Murphy’s senior leadership meets with key contractors to set clear expectations of our commitment • Stop Work Authority – Every employee and contractor has to safety in the workplace, and (2) small group contractor the authority, the right
This is a fundamental tenet of Murphy’s safety culture to provide the same message, while also creating an and it applies to everyone, including new crew members, opportunity to receive feedback and input on how we can experienced crew members, supervisors, managers, collaborate and improve our safety performance.
improvements and efficiency gains throughout our This repository of data provides the basis to analyze safety operations with tactics such as data sharing and machine trends across our field operations and allows us to focus our learning, which optimize field development programs and repairs and maintenance, training, and prevention efforts to thereby reduce potential safety hazards and environmental improve overall safety performance.
We saw an increase of impacts and waste.
With the success of the 2019 efforts, training and communications platform for safety risks and we engaged the field leadership in 2020 to ensure that we mitigations.
In addition, we are implementing a “Lifting & listened to the opportunities for improvement to make this Rigging” campaign to focus attention on preventing crane initiative more successful.
We have also adopted a also instituted weekly Risk-Based Inspections (RBIs), in which goal of reducing lifting and rigging-related incidents by 50% small crews focus on equipment or processes to ensure we in 2021 compared to 2020, in alignment with BSEE’s goal.
MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 45 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 46 --- Safety Performance Monitoring and Measuring As a company, we take our commitment to safety very seriously, and actively assess and measure our safety culture.
improvement of 46% In 2020, our safety metrics continued to show marked improvement.
1.5 improvement of 1.0 30% ▼ 0.5 PVIR 2018 to 2020 0 2018 2019 2020 Employees 9 Number of OSHA recordable injuries and illnesses throughout the year per 200,000 actual hours worked 10 Number of OSHA recordable incidents that result in time away from work throughout the year per 200,000 actual hours worked MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 46 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 47 --- Comprehensive Safety Key Performance Indicators (KPIs)
In addition to reporting our Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR), Lost Time Incident Rate (LTIR), number of fatalities and Preventable Vehicle Incident Rate (PVIR), we also internally track the following safety performance indicators to drive continual improvements in safety performance: • First-aid incidents • Near-miss incidents, including high potential near-misses that trigger formal incident investigations • Non-occupational incidents • Dropped objects • Process Safety Management Metrics (PSM) Contractor Management Contractors play a significant role in our operations, and Murphy requires our third-party contract companies to conduct represent more than 80% of the workhours performed.
To supplement this, in and collaborating with our contractors is vital to ensure a unified 2020, our US offshore group contracted DISA Global Solutions commitment to maintaining a safe place to work, and ultimately to start the process of implementing standardized random drug improving our HSE performance.
Our US onshore team will be major contractors, Murphy goes a step further and performs a monitoring the effectiveness of the offshore program, and aim to detailed bridging process, through which we evaluate all the implement the program by 4Q 2021.
As part of this plan, Murphy has a review to ensure our processes are effective across the board.
We use a third-party vendor groups and committees, monitors security events and intelligence to provide and manage these services, and they report to the reports from law enforcement.
At Murphy, we believe in creating an inclusive culture where members of our workforce support and respect each other.
We further strengthened our commitment contribute to our success.
The We partner with many organizations to increase the diversity committee helps determine DE&I focus areas and assists in of candidates in our talent pipeline.
We equip managers with tools to assist in the hiring process such As part of our commitment to promote workforce DE&I, we as an interview guide to reinforce a fair and equitable process.
MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 50 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 51 --- The decrease in the percentage of women from 2019 to 2020 We will continue to build upon our DE&I efforts, with a focus in is related to two factors.
First, when our offices in El Dorado, 2021 on enhancing recruiting processes, targeted and elective Arkansas and Calgary, Canada closed, we eliminated the majority training and development opportunities, and expanding of the roles from those offices, and those offices historically had partnerships with minority- and women-owned businesses.
Murphy is committed to increasing Murphy conducts a biannual process to evaluate base pay equity our representation of women throughout the company and has across the organization by position, with a specific focus on partnered with organizations to support our efforts.
Each executive When immediate talent is not available, we ensure proper training was also asked to speak at various events, including the National is offered so that we may work toward nationalizing positions.
In further support of employee wellness, Murphy sponsors • Telecommuting Policy – Eligible employees may work up employees and contributes to various events throughout the year to two days per week from home such as the Project Healing Heroes, which raises awareness for veterans and first responders fighting PTSD.
professional networks, affording them an opportunity for learning and development, sharing best practices and expertise Murphy leadership strongly believes in encouraging and throughout the industry and supporting sustainable development supporting its people who wish to continue their education.
Before we make an investment or commence any new operation, we apply several key processes and practices to ensure we have identified local community and stakeholder concerns and are effectively mitigating any known associated risks.
Understanding and Responding to Community Feedback In the US, community stakeholders can raise concerns or The CAPL FAM Committee’s purpose is to bring together grievances directly with the Land Department using an owner operators in British Columbia, Alberta and Saskatchewan to relations number and website.
members, and building consensus on an approach to improve the overall welfare of the communities affected by our operations.
Though we are no longer headquartered in El Dorado, Arkansas, where Murphy was founded, we continue our longtime commitment to offer opportunities and expand workforce capabilities in the community.
Through a $50 million commitment from the company, the Promise enables graduates of El Dorado High School who have been enrolled in the school district since at least the ninth grade to have their college tuition and mandatory fees paid at any regionally accredited university, public or private, in the US (capped at the highest annual resident tuition at an Arkansas public university).
more than 2,850 students have been placed in the El Dorado Promise scholarship program Race/Ethnicity 51% 49% 55% 45% Gender Breakdown Breakdown Non-White White Female Male 153 colleges and universities have accepted the graduates of El Dorado High School MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 57 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 58 --- Community Giving and Volunteering For more than half a century, Murphy has been committed to giving and volunteering in our communities.
We have built partnerships with educational, civic and charitable initiatives in the communities in which we operate to support this work.
We recognize and support the positive impact our employees make.
Through the Employee Gift Matching Program, the company increases its match of employee contributions 2:1 for educational institutions.
From accurately goal was to ensure our users could securely access business- capturing field sensor data in well pads to dynamically analyzing critical systems and data anywhere, any place and at any time.
terabytes of seismic data, technology is an integral part of our Additionally, to ensure these business-critical systems are daily operations.
building effective redundancy in our business-critical systems, we have significantly reduced the recovery time of these systems To combat rapidly evolving cyberthreats, we have implemented and mitigated negative business risks.
We regularly review these the following controls: solutions for areas of improvement and relevance.
to test our users on social engineering attacks, such as Upon hire and throughout their time in their role, each individual phishing, on an ongoing basis, and auto-enroll high-risk is required to complete training on the Code of Business Conduct users in targeted awareness-training campaigns.
Enhanced visibility of cybersecurity risk to the Board – Cybersecurity risks are now routinely discussed in Board of We are committed to human rights and Indigenous rights and Directors committee meetings.
MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 62 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 63 --- Ethics Training and Reporting We take violations of our policies seriously and inform employees Committed to Ethics that it is their duty to report suspected violations, since it can damage all employees and shareholders.
Employees are The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is designed to encouraged to report infractions of the Code of Business emphasize the commitment necessary for those working for Conduct and Ethics and can do so anonymously through a third- Murphy to act with integrity, including: party ethics hotline.
Commitment to global business laws emphasizes that antitrust and other competition laws are adhered to A Compliance and Ethics website on the company’s intranet and relationships with government officials throughout emphasizes our commitment and facilitates access for our the world are properly managed.
The website includes a letter • Commitment to shareholders ensures transparency in and video introduction from our CEO reiterating our commitment public disclosures and the protection of confidential to our policies and values.
Murphy’s internal audit team conducts periodic reviews to ensure compliance with our Code.
We investigate violations competitive relationships, misuse of company assets and of any of these standards and, when necessary, apply disciplinary giving or receiving inappropriate gifts and favors.
We promote laws and regulations that allow the reviews our trade association memberships on a regular basis development of resources in a safe, efficient and environmentally to ensure alignment on industry and policy priorities, as well responsible manner.
as to ensure the organizations’ effectiveness and value for our company and shareholders.
Partnership, HWCG, International Association of Drilling Contractors, IPIECA, Louisiana Mid-Continent Oil and Gas In Canada, we disclose payments to the government in Association, National Ocean Industries Association, Offshore compliance with the Extractive Sector Transparency Measures Operators Committee, National Petroleum Council, Texas Oil & Act (ESTMA).
to increase transparency and deter corruption in the extractive sector by requiring extractive entities to publicly disclose, on Our positions on key ESG issues do not always align completely an annual basis, specific payments made to all governments in with the industry associations and other groups of which we Canada and abroad.
Therefore, our membership does not necessarily indicate our support for all the organizations’ positions.
In 2020, we procured approximately We are working to increase the diversity of our supplier base $1.4 billion in commercial goods and services from almost 2,200 as part of our company’s commitment to diversity, equity and suppliers.
We know that a diverse supplier base allows us to values of safety, social responsibility and continuous improvement benefit from the creativity and differing perspectives that each as outlined in our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics.
The Procurement Policy functions on the reported having some level of diverse ownership within their premise that all supplier relationships operate on mutual interest organization (qualified as being minority-, women-, veteran-, and understanding, supported by a procurement process that LGBTQ-owned or designated as a small business owner by the is fair, impartial and honest.
specific sourcing requirements, conduct for the evaluation of formal tenders, contracting practices for recurrent goods and Murphy constantly assesses improvement opportunities services and required segregation of duties.
items such as: • Tracking formal acknowledgment of our Code of Business As part of our procurement process for operational vendors, a Conduct and Ethics by qualified vendors supplier qualification process is conducted in collaboration with various parts of the organization to ensure vendor suitability, based • Enhanced reporting around sustainability policies enacted on an array of considerations.
These considerations could include: within our suppliers’ own companies • Competitiveness • Additional questions in bid evaluations around sustainability topics and operational capabilities • Technical • Compliance history/record • Past performance Diversity of Qualified Supplier Base • Geographic location • Safety record 12% • Financial stability • Environmental record • Business alignment • Local content As part of our standard contracts, suppliers must comply with 24% all applicable laws and regulations, including in HSE, conflicts of interest, anti-corruption/Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and must maintain any applicable licensing or permitting 64% requirements for their services.
Emissions metric tons 265 307 236 233 10 Onshore Operations Water Management6 Total Fresh Water Withdrawn thousand 2,396 5,268 4,923 4,554 cubic meters Groundwater thousand 770 3,768 2,189 2,880 cubic meters Municipal thousand 0 0 0 42 cubic meters Surface Water thousand 1,626 1,500 2,733 1,632 cubic meters Total Fresh Water Consumed thousand 1,810 5,151 4,360 4,662 cubic meters Groundwater thousand 770 3,601 2,292 2,880 cubic meters Municipal thousand 0 0 0 42 cubic meters Surface Water thousand 1,040 1,550 2,067 1,739 cubic meters Total Fresh Water Withdrawn in Regions with % 0% 0% 0% 0% High or Extremely High Baseline Water Stress Total Fresh Water Consumed Intensity thousand 46 49 51 48 Freshwater Consumed ÷ Number of Wells Completed in cubic that Year meters per well completion Number of Wells Completed in that Year # 39 105 86 97 6 Changes to water metrics reflect year-over-year continuous improvement in processes and data capture.
Recycled % 9.1% 14.9% 11.0% 2.7% (Including Water Shared with Other Operators)7 Hydrocarbon Content in Discharged metric tons 0 0 0 0 Water Hydraulically Fractured Wells for Which There % 100% 100% 100% 100% Is Public Disclosure of All Fracturing Fluid Chemicals Used Hydraulic Fracturing Sites Where Ground % 0% 0% 0% 0% or Surface Water Quality Deteriorated Compared to a Baseline 6 Changes to water metrics reflect year-over-year continuous improvement in processes and data capture.
Average Hours of Health, Safety and per total 13 18 Emergency Response Training, Contractors number (US-Based Only) contractors Preventable Vehicle Incident Rate (Employee per million 1.24 1.43 1.78 and US Onshore Only) miles driven Employee Diversity, Equity and Inclusion11 Employee Workforce Metrics Head Count (Total Company) # 67512 823 1,108 1,128 Median Age years 42 4313 42 43 Employee Turnover (Voluntary) % 6% 10% 8% 7% Representation of Women (US and International) Executive and Senior Level Managers % 12% 14% 16%14 17% First- and Mid-Level Managers % 17% 22% 20%14 20% Professionals % 34% 34% 36%14 41% Other (Administrative Support and Field) % 7% 20% 20% 26% Total % 21% 27% 28%13 32% Representation of Minorities (US-Based Only) Executive and Senior Level Managers % 12% 9%13 8%14 5% First- and Mid-Level Managers % 23% 24% 24% 20% Professionals % 33% 29% 25% 28% Other (Administrative Support and Field) % 31% 36% 32% 30% Total % 30% 29% 27% 26% 11 2017 and 2018 data includes employees in Malaysia.
 Review of the presentation of information relevant to the scope of our work in the Report to ensure consistency with our findings.
Our processes are designed and implemented to ensure that the work we undertake with clients is free from bias and conflict of interest.
Total fresh water withdrawn, (2) total fresh water consumed, percentage of each in Performance Data, regions with high or extremely high baseline water stress pages 67-68; Water Management, pages 26-30 EM-EP-140a.2 Volume of produced water and flowback generated; percentage (1) discharged, (2) Performance Data, injected, (3) recycled; hydrocarbon content in discharged water pages 67-68 EM-EP-140a.3 Percentage of hydraulically fractured wells for which there is public disclosure of all Performance Data, fracturing fluid chemicals used pages 67-68 EM-EP-140a.4 Percentage of hydraulic fracturing sites where ground or surface water quality Performance Data, deteriorated compared to a baseline pages 67-68 Biodiversity Impacts EM-EP-160a.1 Description of environmental management policies and practices for active sites Biodiversity Protection, pages 31-32 EM-EP-160a.2 Number and aggregate volume of hydrocarbon spills, volume in Arctic, volume Performance Data, impacting shorelines with ESI rankings 8-10, and volume recovered EM-EP-160a.3 Percentage of (1) proved and (2) probable reserves in or near sites with protected Performance Data, conservation status or endangered species habitat MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 74 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 75 --- Code Metric Location Human Rights and Community Relations EM-EP-210a.1 Percentage of (1) proved and (2) probable reserves in or near areas of conflict Performance Data, EM-EP-210a.2 Percentage of (1) proved and (2) probable reserves in or near Indigenous land Performance Data, EM-EP-210a.3 Discussion of engagement processes and due diligence practices with respect to human Community rights, Indigenous rights, and operation in areas of conflict Engagement, pages 55-56; Human Rights and Indigenous Rights Policies on website EM-EP-210b.1 Discussion of process to manage risks and opportunities associated with community Community rights and interests Engagement, pages 55-56 EM-EP-210b.2 Number and duration of nontechnical delays Performance Data, Workforce Health and Safety EM-EP-320a.1 (1) Total recordable incident rate (TRIR), (2) fatality rate, (3) near-miss frequency rate Performance Data, (NMFR), and (4) average hours of health, safety and emergency response training for (a) pages 69-70 full-time employees, (b) contract employees and (c) short-service employees EM-EP-320a.2 Discussion of management systems used to integrate a culture of safety throughout the Protecting Our People, exploration and production lifecycle pages 41-48 Reserves Valuation and Capital Expenditures EM-EP-420a.1 Sensitivity of hydrocarbon reserve levels to future price projection scenarios that account Assessing Transition for a price on carbon emissions Pathways, EM-EP-420a.2 Estimated carbon dioxide emissions embedded in proved hydrocarbon reserves EM-EP-420a.3 Amount invested in renewable energy, revenue generated by renewable energy sales Performance Data, EM-EP-420a.4 Discussion of how price and demand for hydrocarbons and/or climate regulation Climate Strategy, pages influence the capital expenditure strategy for exploration, acquisition and development 22-24 of assets Business Ethics and Transparency EM-EP-510a.1 Percentage of (1) proved and (2) probable reserves in countries that have the 20 lowest Performance Data, rankings in Transparency International’s Corruption Perception Index EM-EP-510a.2 Description of the management system for prevention of corruption and bribery Ethical Business throughout the value chain Conduct, pages 62-63 Management of the Legal and Regulatory Environment EM-EP-530a.1 Discussion of corporate positions related to government regulations and/or policy Climate Risk proposals that address environmental and social factors affecting the industry Management, pages 24-25; Investing in Our Communities, pages 56-57 MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 75 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 76 --- Code Metric Location Critical Incident Risk Management EM-EP-540a.1 Process Safety Event (PSE) rates for Loss of Primary Containment (LOPC) of greater Performance Data, consequence (Tier 1) EM-EP-540a.2 Description of management systems used to identify and mitigate catastrophic and tail- Process Safety and end risks Asset Integrity, pages 34-35; Well Integrity, pages 35-36; Chemical Stewardship, ; Seismicity, ; Protecting Our People, pages 41-48; Emergency Response and Preparedness, Activity Metric EM-EP-000.A Production of: (1) oil, (2) natural gas, (3) synthetic oil and (4) synthetic gas 2020
Matters Most ; Climate Risk Management, pages 24-25; Enterprise Risk Management Metrics used by the organization to assess climate-related risks and opportunities in line Climate Metrics and with its strategy and risk management process Targets, Scope 1, Scope 2, and, if appropriate, Scope 3 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, and the Climate Change and Metrics and related risks Emissions, pages 16-
Targets 21; Performance Data, Targets used by the organization to manage climate-related risks and opportunities and Climate Metrics and performance against targets Targets, MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 77 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 78 --- IPIECA/API/IOGP Sustainability Reporting Guidance, 4th Edition, 2020 Indicator Disclosure Location Governance and Business Ethics GOV-1 Governance approach About This Report, ; Who We Are, pages 8-9; Our Approach to ESG, pages 10-14; Governance and Responsible Business Practices, pages 59-64; Corporate Governance on website GOV-2 Management systems About This Report, ; Who We Are, pages 8-9; Our Approach to ESG, pages 10-14; Governance and Responsible Business Practices, pages 59-64; Corporate Governance on website GOV-3 Preventing corruption Ethical Business Conduct, pages 62-63; Supply Chain Management, ; Corporate Governance on website GOV-4 Transparency of payments to host governments Public Advocacy, GOV-5 Public advocacy and lobbying Public Advocacy, Climate Change and Energy CCE-1 Climate governance and strategy Board and Managerial Oversight of Sustainability, pages 13-14; Climate Governance, ; Climate Strategy, pages 22-24; Climate Change Position on website CCE-2 Climate risk and opportunities Climate Change and Emissions, pages 16-21; Climate Risk Management, pages 24-25; Climate Metrics and Targets, ; Enterprise Risk Management, CCE-3 Lower-carbon technology Climate Change and Emissions, pages 16-21 CCE-4 Greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions Climate Change and Emissions, pages 16-21; Performance Data, pages 66-67 CCE-5 Methane emissions Improving Our Emissions: Methane, ; Performance Data, pages 66-67 CCE-6 Energy use Climate Change and Emissions, pages 16-21; Performance Data, CCE-7 Flared gas Improving Our Emissions: Flaring, ; Performance Data, pages 66-67 Environment ENV-1 Freshwater Water Management, pages 26-30; Performance Data, pages 67-68 ENV-2 Discharges to water Water Management, pages 26-30; Performance Data, pages 67-68 ENV-3 Biodiversity policy and strategy Biodiversity Protection, ENV-4 Protected and priority areas for biodiversity Biodiversity Protection, conservation ENV-5 Emissions to air Improve Emissions Performance: Combustion, ; Performance Data, ENV-6 Spills to the environment Spills Management, ; Process Safety and Asset Integrity, pages 34-35; Well Integrity, pages 35-36; Emergency Response and Preparedness, ; Performance Data, ENV-7 Materials management Water Management, pages 26-30; Chemical Stewardship, ; Waste Management, pages 38-39; Performance Data, pages 67-68 ENV-8 Decommissioning Well Abandonment, MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 78 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 79 --- Indicator Disclosure Location Safety, Health and Security SHS-1 Safety, health and security engagement Protecting Our People, pages 41-48 SHS-2 Workforce health COVID-19 Response, pages 6-7; Health and Safety Management System, ; Benefits and Wellness, SHS-3 Occupational injury and illness incidents Protecting Our People, pages 41-48; Performance Data, SHS-4 Transport safety Building a Culture of Safety, ; Safety Performance Monitoring and Measurement, ; Performance Data, SHS-5 Product stewardship Chemical Stewardship, ; Waste Management, pages 38-39 SHS-6 Process safety Process Safety and Asset Integrity, pages 34-35; Performance Data, SHS-7 Security risk management Physical Security, ; Emergency Response and Preparedness, ; Enterprise Risk Management ; Cybersecurity, Social SOC-1 Human rights due diligence Human Rights, ; Ethical Business Conduct, pages 62-63 SOC-2 Suppliers and human rights Human Rights, ; Ethical Business Conduct, pages 62-63; Supply Chain Management, SOC-3 Security and human rights Human Rights, SOC-4 Site-based labour practices and worker Health and Safety Management System, ; Human Rights, accommodation ; Ethical Business Conduct, pages 62-63; Supply Chain Management, SOC-5 Workforce diversity and inclusion Diversity, Equity and Inclusion, pages 50-51; Performance Data, ; EEO-1 Data, SOC-6 Workforce engagement Employee Engagement, ; Performance Data, SOC-7 Workforce training and development Training and Development, SOC-8 Workforce nonretaliation and grievance mechanisms Ethical Business Conduct, pages 62-63; Corporate Governance: Reporting of Concerns on website SOC-9 Local community impacts and engagement Community Engagement, pages 54-58 SOC-10 Indigenous peoples Protecting Indigenous Rights, SOC-11 Land acquisition and involuntary resettlement Not applicable SOC-12 Community grievance mechanisms Working with Communities, ; Human Rights, ; Corporate Governance: Reporting of Concerns on website SOC-13 Social investment Investing in Our Communities, pages 56-58 SOC-14 Local procurement and supplier development Working with Communities, ; Supply Chain Management, SOC-15 Local hiring practices Local Hiring, ; Working with Communities, MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 79 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 80 --- Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Indicator Disclosure Location GRI 102: General Disclosures Organizational Profile 102-1 Name of the organization Murphy Oil Corporation 102-2 Activities, brands, products, and services Murphy Oil Corporation is a global oil and natural gas exploration and production company, with both onshore and offshore operations and properties.
None Strategy 102-14 Statement from senior decision-maker Message to Our Stakeholders, pages 4-5 102-15 Key impacts, risks, and opportunities 2021 Sustainability Report, multiple sections; 2020 SEC Form 10-K Ethics and Integrity 102-16 Values, principles, standards, and norms of behavior Our Purpose, Mission, Vision, Values and Behaviors, ; Human Rights, ; Ethical Business Conduct, pages 62-63 102-17 Mechanisms for advice and concerns about ethics Ethical Business Conduct, pages 62-63; Corporate Governance: Reporting of Concerns on website Governance 102-18 Governance structure Board and Managerial Oversight of Sustainability, pages 13-14; 2021 Proxy Statement 102-19 Delegating authority Board and Managerial Oversight of Sustainability, pages 13-14 102-20 Executive-level responsibility for economic, environmental, and social Board and Managerial Oversight of topics Sustainability, pages 13-14 102-21 Consulting stakeholders on economic, environmental, and social topics Engaging Our Stakeholders, ; 2021 Proxy Statement 102-22 Composition of the highest governance body and its committees Governance Highlights, ; 2021 Proxy Statement 102-23 Chair of the highest governance body Governance Highlights, ; 2021 Proxy Statement 102-24 Nominating and selecting the highest governance body 2021 Proxy Statement MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 80 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 82 --- Indicator Disclosure Location GRI 201: Economic Performance 201-1 Direct economic value generated and distributed 2020 SEC Form 10-K 201-2 Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to climate 2020
SEC Form 10-K change 201-3 Defined benefit plan obligations and other retirement plans 2020 SEC Form 10-K GRI 205: Anti-corruption 205-2 Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures Ethical Business Conduct, pages 62-63; Corporate Governance on website GRI 303: Water and Effluents 303-1 Interactions with water as a shared resource Water Management, pages 26-30; Performance Data, pages 67-68 303-2 Management of water discharge-related impacts Water Management, pages 26-30; Performance Data, pages 67-68 303-3 Water withdrawal Water Management, pages 26-30; Performance Data, pages 67-68 303-4 Water discharge Water Management, pages 26-30; Performance Data, pages 67-68 303-5 Water consumption Water Management, pages 26-30; Performance Data, pages 67-68 GRI 304: Biodiversity 304-1 Operational sites owned, leased, managed in, or adjacent to, protected Biodiversity Protection, pages 31-32; areas and areas of high biodiversity value outside protected area Performance Data, 304-2 Significant impacts of activities, products, and services on biodiversity Biodiversity Protection, pages 31-32; Performance Data, 304-3 Habitats protected or restored Biodiversity Protection, pages 31-32; Performance Data, 304-4 IUCN Red List species and national conservation list species with habitats Biodiversity Protection, pages 31-32; in areas affected by operations Performance Data, GRI 305: Emissions 305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions Climate Change and Emissions, pages 16- 21; Performance Data, pages 66-67 305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions Climate Change and Emissions, pages 16- 21; Performance Data, pages 66-67 305-3 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions Climate Change and Emissions, pages 16- 21; Performance Data, pages 66-67 305-4 GHG emissions intensity Climate Change and Emissions, pages 16- 21; Performance Data, pages 66-67 305-5 Reduction of GHG emissions Climate Change and Emissions, pages 16- 21; Performance Data, pages 66-67 305-7 Nitrogen oxides (NO ), sulfur oxides (SO ), and other significant air Performance Data, X X emissions MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 82 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 83 --- Indicator Disclosure Location GRI 306: Waste 306-1 Waste generation and significant waste-related impacts Waste Management, pages 38-39 306-2 Management of significant waste-related impacts Waste Management, pages 38-39 306-3 Waste generated Performance Data, GRI 307: Environmental Compliance 307-1 Non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations Performance Data, GRI 401: Employment 401-1 New employee hires and employee turnover Employee Engagement, ; Performance Data, 401-2 Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to Benefits and Wellness, temporary or part-time employees 401-3 Parental leave Benefits and Wellness, ; Careers: Benefits on website GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety 403-1 Occupational health and safety management system Health and Safety Management System, 403-2 Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident investigation Process Safety and Asset Integrity, pages 34-35; Building a Culture of Safety, 403-3 Occupational health services Contractor Management, 403-4 Worker participation, consultation, and communication on occupational Building a Culture of Safety, ; health and safety Contractor Management, ; Emergency Response and Preparedness, 403-5 Worker training on occupational health and safety Building a Culture of Safety, ; Contractor Management, ; Emergency Response and Preparedness, 403-6 Promotion of worker health COVID-19 Response, pages 6-7; Benefits and Wellness, 403-7 Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety impacts Process Safety and Asset Integrity, pages directly linked by business relationships 34-35; Building a Culture of Safety, ; Protecting Our People: HSE Policy on website 403-8 Workers covered by an occupational health and safety management Health and Safety Management System, system 403-9 Work-related injuries Protecting Our People, pages 41-48; Performance Data, MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 83 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 84 --- Indicator Disclosure Location GRI 404:
Training and Education 404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee Training and Development, 404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs Training and Development, GRI 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity 405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees Diversity, Equity and Inclusion, pages 50-51; Governance Highlights, ; Performance Data, ; EEO-1 Data, ; 2021 Proxy Statement GRI 412: Human Rights Assessment 412-2 Employee training on human rights policies or procedures Human Rights, ; Ethical Business Conduct, pages 62-63 GRI 413: Local Communities 413-1 Operations with local community engagement, impact assessments and Community Engagement, pages 54-58 development programs GRI 415: Public Policy 415-1 Political contributions Public Advocacy, MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 84 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 85 --- United Nations
End poverty in all its forms everywhere Local Hiring, ; Community Engagement, pages 54-58 Goal 3 Ensure healthy lives and promote well-being for all at all ages Climate Change and Emissions, pages 16-21; Protecting Our People, pages 41-48; Benefits and Wellness, Goal 4 Ensure inclusive and equitable quality education and promote Training and Development, ; Community lifelong learning opportunities for all Engagement, pages 54-58 Goal 5 Achieve gender equality and empower all women and girls Diversity, Equity and Inclusion, pages 50-51; Benefits and Wellness, ; Community Engagement, pages 54-58 Goal 6 Ensure availability and sustainable management of water and Water Management, pages 26-30; Spills Management, sanitation for all ; Process Safety and Asset Integrity, pages 34-35; Emergency Response and Preparedness, ; Waste Management, -39
Goal 7 Ensure access to affordable, reliable, sustainable and modern Climate Change and Emissions, pages 16-21; Climate energy for all Governance, ; Climate Strategy, pages 22-24; Climate Risk Management, pages 24-25; Climate Metrics and Targets, ; Climate Change Position on website Goal 8 Promote sustained, inclusive and sustainable economic growth, Local Hiring, ; Training and Development, page full and productive employment and decent work for all 52; Community Engagement, pages 54-58; Supply Chain Management, Goal 12 Responsible consumption and production—ensure sustainable Climate Change and Emissions, pages 16-21; Climate consumption and production patterns Governance, ; Climate Strategy, pages 22-24; Climate Risk Management, pages 24-25; Climate Metrics and Targets, ; Water Management, pages 26-30; Chemical Stewardship, ; Waste Management, pages 38-39; Supply Chain Management, Goal 13 Take urgent action to combat climate change and its impacts Climate Change and Emissions, pages 16-21; Climate Governance, ; Climate Strategy, pages 22-24; Climate Risk Management, pages 24-25; Climate Metrics and Targets, ; Climate Change Position on website Goal 14 Conserve and sustainably use the oceans, seas and marine Spills Management, ; Process Safety and Asset resources for sustainable development Integrity, pages 34-35; Emergency Response and Preparedness, ; Waste Management, -39
Our actual future results, including the achievement of any of our targets, goals or commitments described in this report, could differ materially from our projected results as the result of changes in circumstances, assumptions not being realized, or other risks, uncertainties and factors.
Some of the factors that could cause one or more of these future events or results not to occur as implied by any forward-looking statement include, but are not limited to: macro conditions in the oil and gas industry, including supply/demand levels, actions taken by major oil exporters and the resulting impacts on commodity prices; increased volatility or deterioration in the success rate of our exploration programs or in our ability to maintain production rates and replace reserves; reduced customer demand for our products due to environmental, regulatory, technological or other reasons; adverse foreign exchange movements; political and regulatory instability in the markets where we do business; the impact on our operations or market of health pandemics such as COVID-19 and related government responses; other natural hazards impacting our operations or markets; any other deterioration in our business, markets or prospects; any failure to obtain necessary regulatory approvals; any inability to service or refinance our outstanding debt or to access debt markets at acceptable prices; or adverse developments in the U.S. or global capital markets, credit markets or economies in general.
Due to the use of estimate and assumptions, the information in the report may not be correct and change at any time and we make no commitment to update that information as it develops.