We share the various stakeholders including This report has been prepared in Pantnagar information presented here as a yearly employees, investors, customers, Gamsberg accordance with the GRI Standards.
We envision Vedanta to be able to solutions over the next decade, to to supporting social upliftment.
Reclaimed metal has Inspiring the change we a much lower carbon footprint than desire Sustain.
Address global environmental mining new metals and could reduce 2 and societal issues with our India’s emissions by 34 million tons of Sustainable growth needs to be products and solutions.
Vedanta world and we are working on many believes in doing good and has Support the nation’s Inspire.
aspirations climate solutions is centred on No Our three-fold motto of Zero Harm, Net Loss, with our restoration and Build Trust and Benefit Sharing runs ‘India’s growth will showcase emerging preservation commitments stretching as a common thread, underlying leaders, and Vedanta aims to be one beyond the productive life of our every aspect of our work.
Our pledge of empowering 2.5 carbon emissions low and preserving reliance million families annually and uplifting the environment.
Vedanta is leading this will add significantly to the 50 million effort as the country’s top producer of lives that we have already touched Vedanta as one of the world’s leading key metals that support clean energy, through our community outreaches.
As are proud of our social achievements majority operations in India, subscribes we strategically expand our mining and hope they inspire more Indian to and owns this commitment.
India’s As India embarks on rapid growth, it chain, we are helping power India’s Net-Zero pathway will have three key sets an example for the world with its low-carbon growth through self-reliant drivers – extensive transitioning from Vedanta for the future, nature-preserving, socially inclusive means.
While there’s still much to scripted today leader, sustaining growth and keeping to reduced GHG emissions; improved achieve, Vedanta is proud to be part of consumption and capital formation waste recycling, particularly through India’s journey.
Strong enterprise value and ensure business to greener fuel alternatives for running core sector growth can drive higher our processes has led to 6 million per capita income, improve income continuity and longevity.
We have committed substantial development in India.
(HVLT) B A- Workforce Setting precedents through our achievements 89% 31 India’s first Vedanta Vedanta Employee Satisfaction Average Training Hours
We are in the substitution As we pass through Accelerating climate change continues company of countries that have seen a to be the wild card for future business India’s annual imports total more than the transition phase, great many decades of development.
India’s per capita GDP is a well-entrenched, target-oriented Further, the domestic demand for consolidating and less than one-fifth that of China’s and metals needed in energy transition sustainability strategy to mitigate strengthening our asset our negative impacts and build close to one-tenth of USA’s – the top two – like copper, aluminium, zinc – is rank holders in the cluster of the world’s expected to surge and grow in double base to emerge as world adequate safeguards against risks and uncertainties.
This year has Linked Incentive (PLI) schemes for businesses is similarly India’s demand potential been remarkable for the international manufacturing are increasing the ambit acclaim that we have received as a of industries that are now focusing inspired.
Vedanta Aluminium has been Across automobiles, semiconductors, capita incomes, strong public investment has named the world’s most sustainable renewables and batteries, the shift in and production techniques, we are ensured that India’s demand remains self- aluminium producer, Hindustan Zinc manufacturing is opening up a huge well equipped to fulfill India’s growth driven.
In every such change, a billion times aligned with our business model 2023.
The upcoming 238 of our global industry peers is value additions, investing significantly demerger of our diverse verticals that indeed an honour and a validation of in capacity additions and focusing As India’s largest, most diversified, best represent more than 15 commodities, our sustainability strategy.
Powering growth by nature of our industry, our focus on we are focusing on consolidating decarbonization across, multiple India’s commitment to Net Carbon Zero by optimizing production and and strengthening our asset base to levers, demonstrates our commitment 2070 and the energy transition that is already asset expansion emerge as world leaders in each of to leading by example.
Our entry into adjacent, have achieved significant wins in GHG country’s demand trajectory.
Vedanta’s portfolio India’s has huge natural resources high-growth businesses is similarly emissions intensity reduction with six of seven transition metals and oil & gas reserves, of which less than 20% have inspired.
The convergence of process towards this growth potential getting realized our presence in two different energy best integrated, low-cost minerals, From FY 2024 onwards, we are and technology improvements are – from infrastructure to agriculture, renewables worlds.
Our significant thermal power metals and oil & gas producer, investing US$ 1.9 billion as growth proving effective, and we are well to electronics, automobiles to semiconductors, lineup continues to witness high growth CAPEX across our businesses, we on target to reach our goal of 20% we are there, and we will be there to an even Vedanta is uniquely placed to rates and healthy profits, with new have been steadily augmenting our reduction in GHG emissions intensity greater degree.
The average life of our mine underway to add 835 MW of RE RTC energy transitioning of our businesses.
assets is 25+ years and coupled with across our businesses, which keeps use of the most modern extraction us aligned with our FY 2030 goal of 1 Forbes India: https://www.forbesindia.com/article/explainers/top-10-largest-economies-in-the-world/86159/1#:~:text=The%20United%20States%20 of,magnitude%20of%20a%20nation’s%20economy.
This is an the best technologies and offering responsible user of scarce natural industry-leading move that places us We continue to push forward on our the lowest cost options for the resources is reflected in our water a step ahead of our peers, in India and diversity and inclusion agenda, and this transition.
This year, our water positivity of seven transition improvements recommended by ICMM.
even more open and heterogeneous social resurgence and collaborating ratio has increased to 0.71 as an with 20% of our full-time-employees in creating both empowerment and metals and oil & outcome of several ongoing and Building better lives and livelihoods now being women.
This year, contributing towards social upliftment, decision-making roles, with our female constant evolution and adaptation, to industry that will we have also significantly improved financial inclusion, and nation building, employees rising through the ranks as deliver what is best for our planet, our our CDP Water rating from B to A- are aims that we have pursued with contribute towards their potential gets recognized.
Our the next five years the Group will be Vedanta has always taken the safety role and are striving to do the most, production volumes will be significantly spending of its people very seriously, putting for the most – by growing our metals enhanced over successive years as in place the latest technologies and we rapidly scale up across verticals, strong monitoring and review systems with an accompanying increase in to ensure that our operations follow emissions.
our progressive RE-RTC additions As we pass through Our journey began 25 As a preventative mechanism, this will gradually offset the emissions year, a group-wide Critical Risk increase while also transitioning the the transition phase, years back and has Management (CRM) programme was company towards clean energy use.
asset base to emerge what is best for our programme is founded on our past This will be supported by accelerating as world leaders in planet, our customers learnings that show that a majority of switches to cleaner alternate fuels and fatalities result from 13 critical risks.
On reaching our FY 2030 Our entry into to actively monitor these critical risks clean energy targets we would have better.
Our vis-à-vis the FY 2025 target of 1,25,000 conducive and accommodating special platform V-Desire saw 700 leaders from aspirations are limitless, always reaching tonnes of biomass consumption.
Reflecting initiatives like these, we are helping benefited from the cost advantages social realignments, such inclusivity our women employees get involved in As we strive to explore infinite possibilities, we remain provided by our traditional fossil and diversity will ensure that Vedanta every aspect of business, and catalyzing deeply aware that we are both the beneficiaries fuel-based assets.
We continue to remains sustainable and well-positioned their talent, skill and passion to achieve and stewards of the resources we utilize.
In the coming decade, Vedanta will leadership, while gradually transitioning undergo a transformation, becoming an organization to clean energy sources such as RE- We are dedicated to achieving a Our enabling policies are helping us that exceeds its current potential and reaches RTC, CCUS, and hydrogen fuel over the workforce that is 30% women by 2030.
This strategy will protect To realize this goal, we have been actively supportive of the new age woman.
expands, so too will Vedanta, extending our reach us from transition risks until the lower recruiting women across all levels, with This year we launched our game- across the globe with innovative products and operating costs of clean energy begin to a significant focus on bringing in young changing parenthood policy, which expanded operations.
We have also instituted other for working from home or flexible hours Emerging talent pools infuse all while aligning with the imperatives of a climate- changes to ensure that women gain a after maternity leave.
We take a multidimensional approach This achievement is now within reach new mothers who want to take some as we realign our businesses for a carbon-neutral to diversity while staying true to our thanks to a profound shift in societal time off after childbirth.
Further, the use women employees that our support is accelerate.
We have, in fact, stepped up the pace and As an intergenerational company that of modern technology has also eased unwavering, and we are committed to are working aggressively across our three primary welcomes more than 1500 young certain physical barriers that earlier empowering their success.
decarbonization levers of transitioning to RE-RTC, recruits from campuses every year, it is existed, and Vedanta has been at the fuel switch and reduction in emissions intensity to important that we remain relevant and forefront of adopting such technologies Our pathbreaking initiatives in favour of keep our emissions in check.
In doing so, we have successfully reduced have introduced several progressive women who underwent rigorous training us as a Best Employer India 2023, while GHG emissions intensity by an impressive 12% from undergo a transformation, becoming talent policies to enhance diversity.
Additionally, six of our business units have more women, transgender individuals, current potential and reaches new leadership and are taking the same as the Top 10 Happiest Workplaces in surpassed their annual targets.
Today, as we programme alumni, were promoted to is nearly one-third of our 2.5 GW target for 2030.
As an essential part of biodiversity baseline, with the processes sustained growth and the Vedanta most industrial value chains, metals and oil being in alignment with the most we have successfully Leadership Development Programme recent biodiversity and nature-related and gas are likely to see sustained demand, established a (VLDP) is one of our most effective frameworks like Taskforce on Nature- signifying robust growth for Vedanta.
challenge remains to achieve this growth under its aegis top talent from leading Consequently, our biodiversity impact with minimal adverse environmental technical and business management assessments concur with global policy impact, and without compromising on our institutions are regularly trained and goals and common governmental competitive strengths.
Through a range thrive amidst the toughest challenges, Weak European industrial demand, opportunistic engaging employees through of innovative talent management and the climate crisis represents one offtake by China and geopolitical pressures are awareness initiatives on various initiatives, we aim to address the of the most formidable tests humanity likely to persist in the near term, shifting the sustainability issues and implementing challenges of being a rapidly expanding has ever faced.
first time in industrial history, we must to be the nation’s largest natural resources Regards, deeply understand the interconnected, company partnering in its economic development symbiotic processes of Nature to ensure and energy transformation journey.
downstream integration, continuous optimisation of production processes, use of leading-edge technologies to improve productivity, strategic 2 Priya Agarwal Hebbar in https://www.fortuneindia.com/long-reads/vedanta-swears-by-women-power/116282 16 17 --- PAGE 11 --- Sustainability Report 2024
This rigorous approach has helped us at different levels, and with different sourcing, sustained quarter-on-quarter For a natural resources conglomerate, within the industry which is often greatly reduce the number of fatalities work experiences to forge together cost reduction, debottlenecking of conserving resources is a means of perceived as being traditional.
With regular increase in its people and our employees and different BUs, our GHG emissions are of 0.71.
With regular team, thereby changing perceptions Enablon that allows us to monitor our recycling capacities, increased associates. expected to peak around FY 2027.
In about bringing women into frontline and the amount of recycled water from 78 increase in our recycling data from all operating sites and to preparation, we have been gradually shopfloor roles.
million m3 in FY 2023 to 85 million m3 proactively identify potential threats increasing our RE-RTC capabilities, with capacities, increased Regards, in FY 2024.
accidents have been analyzed in our DEI scope outcome of the cost advantage This status marks the conclusion detail by multiple functional heads that our traditional fossil fuel-based of a crucial target for us with 76% and permanent corrective actions like Continuing with our efforts to build captives have provided so far.
The safety of proactive in ensuring their own and transform to clean energy sources LGBTQIA+ employees in support of our people is of primary importance others’ safety.
Offering a 12-month This framework identifies 13 critical practices are diligently pursued across safeguard us from transition risks till sabbatical for new mothers, the risks and follows a 9-step methodology our varied businesses, with our Safety such time when the lower operating policy offers several flex work options developed by the International Council CoP and the Vedanta Sustainability costs of clean energy would start to without compromising on career on Mining and Metals (ICMM).
ensure efficient implementation, we entire operations, across geographies, growth.
recent ventures into semiconductors, We deploy the latest technologies ferrochrome, renewables, and display and create incremental process glass reflect this commitment.
Our large portfolio of We prioritize sustainability, low carbon Our core values underpin everything we do transformative metals is supporting to emissions, and social impact.
These universal values guide our bridge the green energy transition.
Vedanta believes the natural resources and biodiversity, supporting local industry will shape the future.
Our strong into new businesses, acquiring assets, governance ensures we meet our exploring new regions, and improving sustainability goals effectively.
Power 13,443 million units Application areas: Application areas: Application areas: Application areas: Renewable energy Clean transportation Transportation Construction Manufacturing Commercial Industrial Residential Refineries Fertilizers Electrical and electronics Construction Packaging Energy production and transmission Residential and commercial use General consumer products 26 27 --- PAGE 16 --- Sustainability Report 2024 Value Chain Vedanta provides essential resources in metals, We manage the entire value chain We invest in high-quality assets with in minerals, metals, and oil & gas, long mine lives to ensure resource minerals, and oil & gas to support economic from exploration and development to security and better cost management.
Governance comprising of (VSAP) remuneration Inclusive growth for our policies and technical of Sustainability people and communities environmental, social Committee and terms of Standards reference Environmental management Sustainable economic growth Roll out of VSF continues Pledged to participate ‘Green road’ made using Launch of a Group-wide To improve our Social COVID-19-
Reinforcement in and lead the United fly ash as the primary programme on tailings License to Operate, led extensive Safety performance Nations’ ‘Planet 50-50 by component at Vedanta dams management a series of activities outreaches for (2015-2020) standards, formal 2030’ vision Jharsuguda begin – perception safe workplaces, Drive effective safety risk assessment, surveys, materiality business continuity Launch of Zero Harm, Zero Rankings in the metals implementation of industrial hygiene baseline assessment, social planning, and Waste, Zero Discharge & mining sector moved provisions of the assessment and safety performance review, philanthropic Strategy up to the 17th and 11th Modern Slavery Act leadership coaching FPIC requirements assistance to place respectively across our businesses introduced One Vedanta vision built review communities in the Dow Jones around transforming Re-evaluation of our Focus on Zero Harm Sustainability Index Carbon Forum elements and social performance Strategy reconstituted transforming lives Conserved 2.6 million standards to enhance Targets achieved of water GJ of energy against our Social License to Initiated a US$ 30 million & energy saving ahead of a target of 1.39 million Operate investment fund for in- time GJ and 4.1 million m3 of house R&D, supporting our Strategy rolled out to water against a target Lisheen mine closure with wealth of knowledge and increase leadership of 2.2 million m3 adoption of consultative spirit of innovation with engagement in worldclass rehabilitation meaningful resources.
100% of Vedanta’s workplace safety process businesses get aligned Launch of “Eureka” with a collective carbon Sustainability Committee of web-based technology strategy the Board established platform for Innovation and R&D efforts.
Launch of updated Increased focus on Ranked 3rd in S&P Global India CSR Leadership Established US$ 15/ Reform and Transform Sustainability Strategy Diversity and inclusion, Corporate Sustainability Award 2023 tCO e as Internal Carbon 2 ‘Transforming for Good’ launch of Group Assessment in the Price (2021- onwards)
Net Zero carbon business the next 10 years to by 2050 accelerate our transition to Net Zero Carbon 30 31 --- PAGE 18 --- Sustainability Report 2024 Where sustainability meets success Rapid growth drives responsible action and Sustainability Leadership demand from sunrise sectors such as EVs, Renewable Power, Defence & 19% production increase Rapid urbanization, industrialization, and increasing consumer demand, along with the shift to green energy, are driving up Aerospace.
With the global population expected to reach 9.8 billion by 2050, metals usage will rise significantly, Y-o-Y, driven by improvement first launch of green copper and green creating great growth opportunities for Vedanta. alumina answers the market need for in process efficiency.
1 by improving our operations and ‘Transforming Elements’ to transition metals meets governance for better environmental ‘Transforming for Good’ to achieve a spectrum of green 14.22 MMT 1,182 billion management, creating low-carbon strong sustainability leadership.
We are economy needs products, and including local and building our sustainability leadership Total Production of Revenue from Transition marginalized communities for strengths along these five tracks: Vedanta’s business portfolio is built Transition Metals Metals greater equity.
Both aluminium and zinc – two critical metals fueling green power expansion – are undergoing significant capacity additions; and we are parallelly boosting existing production capabilities with US$ 1.2 billion invested in FY 2023, and US$ 1.4 billion spent in FY 2024.
Our focus on volume augmentation, cost reduction or creating value added products are key guiding principles that would enable us to cater to the rapidly growing domestic 3https://www.unep.org/news-and-stories/story/how-minerals-and-metals-companies-can-help-achieve-2030-agenda-sustainable 32 33 --- PAGE 19 --- Sustainability Report 2024 Decarbonization, optimized resource management Sharing the fruits of prosperity through inclusion and 2 3 set industry precedents development At Vedanta we realized early that production cost from external volatility microfinance opportunities in many J to sustain our progress, our impact through achieving full backwards 4.8 billion invested cases.
With the formalization of perpetuating local economies, arresting our Sustainability strategy, we rolled underscores our concerted efforts to Serentica group urban migration, reducing income decision making increase the renewable energy mix, out a multipronged approach that inequalities, alleviating poverty, and positions achieve our sustainability goals, and against 26% equity worked through decarbonization, ensuring a better quality of life.
direct investments towards procuring improved operations, better resource stake.
Commitment renewable power with long-term captive Our initiatives to train youth and enable management, to achieve reduced long- J renewable energy power delivery plans.
them to find jobs at our production sites to invest 50 term impact on natural ecosystems.
or at neighbouring facilities or in nearby Resource efficiency is the key to billion investment Our decarbonization route is a novel towns, helped us to kickstart generate resource security in the future.
Vedanta commitment in a world that is grappling to tackle goals of reducing GHG emissions The metals and mining industry works is also boosting local economies by developmental the imbalance between burgeoning and optimizing costs.
activities resources, every bit saved is an carbon emissions by 2050 or earlier lasting impact in terms of social change, Such grassroots-level economic investment for the future.
Our aim which focuses on women and and circularity to generate lower of reduced input costs.
and empowerment, the reason why Grassroots level development has child health and well-being is a very volumes of waste or reduce toxicity impact of more circular production Vedanta’s community engagement and enormous multiplier benefits in terms of important social inclusion goal that Alongside, we continue to acquire and create low-waste trails that require processes is game-changing for us as development initiatives have almost perpetuating local economies, arresting helps to raise the quality of human thermal power generation capabilities lower interventions.
This and annually with essential skills that we bring to them, and our intent and from gender-based will help us in reducing and delinking training, uplift over 100 million women resolve has helped to revolutionize their and children and invest in people hiring to women in lives and futures.
This (Base year FY 2021) finding jobs at our production sites or progress is accelerated by targeted at neighbouring facilities or in nearby policy interventions, infrastructure towns.
This We are protecting our interests in two philosophy, members involvement raises awareness, and ways – by building self-reliance in water strong governance transforms process Vedanta works within a highly regulated through reduce, reuse and extensive to consistent action.
Our transparent operating architecture wherein water harvesting, as well as, by almost every critical aspect, carrying proactively replenishing common water the potential to impact business sources and ensure water availability and future goals, is well defined and for other sectors and the communities.
Complementarily, the reflects this commitment, ensuring that implementing framework consisting our water resources are well-managed of the Group Leadership and
We believe that working together to focus, deciding on the means and address issues and improving the consequences of implementation, lives of those around us helps ensure modifying course, or pushing the pedal, business continuity and a brighter future as needed.
view of Sustainability Leadership is unique from this perspective – as we believe that They bring in specialized understanding our calling lies in conducting sustainable operations at scale, with consistency and and provide unrelenting focus, making by accommodating incremental increases.
This highlights the vast scope of our impact and supports our vision of sustainability leadership.
Additionally, our business fosters social growth by creating job opportunities, developing in-demand skills, and providing financial support to communities, ultimately contributing to the greater good of all.
When we improve the impact of our own operations, we gain the knowledge and credibility to help our society improve theirs.
Our commitment to maintaining Our commitment lies in Our commitment to adopt our ‘Social License to Operate’ spearheading efforts to innovative approaches to manage Our three-pronged Sustainability Transforming the Planet and Group has a very diverse set of by conducting ourselves in a decarbonize the world, secure our workforce, design compelling strategy launched in 2022 translates Transforming the Workplace define our businesses, with different operational consultative, transparent, and fair water resources for all, and employee experience and ensuring into action our holistic view of how social, environmental, and employee- constraints and varied external manner, delivering both economic incorporating technological safe workplace.
Yet the Group’s common growth and providing benefits to advancements to ensure our should interact.
2 5 8 The multitude of areas that we work in Aim Aim Aim – community health, education, skilling, and empowerment; human rights, Empower 2.5 million Achieving net water Promote gender parity, diversity, equity and inclusion, fair pay, individuals with enhanced positivity by 2030 diversity, and inclusivity and fair representation; management skillsets.
demonstrates 3 6 9 how we have been able to participate Aim Aim Aim and cogenerate social change, Uplift 100 million women Enhance our business Align with global environmental conservation, and and children via social model by incorporating standards of corporate stakeholder growth to thrive welfare interventions innovative green practices governance and grow.
Our Board ESG Committee, drives the Group’s ESG agenda and monitors implementation of strategies at the Group level.
The strategic output ESG Board Committee of this Committee is contained in the policies of the Vedanta Sustainability Oversees Strategies/Policies/Procedures + Evaluates Performance via VSAP Framework (VSF), while the evaluation of Group-wide/BU-specific ESG Group-level Board oversight performance is done through the Vedanta Sustainability Assurance Process (VSAP).
Group ESG Ex-Co Corporate Transformation ESG Management (Part of group Ex-Co) Office (TO) Committee
The Group ESG team, which is a custodian of the Group level ESG practices across all functions, Vedanta part of the Executive Committee, roadmap.
Group Ex-Co to update on Executive Director to drive and updates on nine aims for Group-level overall ESG strategy by involving both There are 13 (CoPs) and they exist overall ESG progress accelerate the high impact & BU targets against actual At the Business Unit level, each internal and external stakeholders.
Key decision such business has separate ESG teams Executive Committee, along with ESG site), Business Unit and Group level.
Nine BU TOs, Functional TOs and one 13 COPs, 250+ Community reporting & disclosure TO running on members identified across a weekly/fortnightly level to monitor all BUs/SBUs to drive agenda progress and drive implementation within communities across the organisation BU/SBU-level implementation Composition of the Board ESG Committee UK Sinha Non-Executive Independent Director Akhilesh Joshi Priya
Agarwal Arun Misra Non-Executive Non-Executive Executive Director Independent Director Non-Independent Director Chairman Members The Board ESG Committee meets twice in a year and charts the course for turning key material issues into executive action.
This Committee also remains vigilant about keeping Vedanta’s ESG strategy in sync with global and industry developments and in ensuring that we stay ahead and competitive.
During this financial year, the Board’s ESG Committee focused on the following material issues: 40 41 --- PAGE 23 --- Sustainability Report 2024 Vedanta Sustainability Assurance Process Sustainability Linked Compensation Vedanta’s Sustainability Assurance Process (VSAP) serves as a performance monitoring tool for evaluating the adherence Leaders guiding the ESG agenda within the Group play a significant role in these assessments, influencing elements of all business units to the Vedanta Sustainability Framework.
This process ensures that sustainability considerations are of the compensation structure such as fixed pay, benefits, annual bonuses, the Long-Term Incentive Plan (LTIP), and thoroughly integrated into all organizational decision-making processes and actions.
improvement and accountability in sustainability practices across the company.
We are committed to nurturing a culture that upholds world-class standards in safety, environmental stewardship, and Compensation Brief Summary Impact Details Employee sustainability.
Performance, with VSF address critical ESG issues, aiming Carbon footprint and Long-term The options are granted based on the sustained business Senior Aligned with ICMM, Human Rights, to generate positive impacts across fatalities integrated incentive (40%) and individual performance (60%) against the pre- Leadership, IFC Performance Monitored by ExCo our entire value chain.
Performance against CEOs Standards, Global Sustainability incentive plan closely with global standards set the Carbon target makes up to 15% weight of the business Reporting Initiative Management, by international bodies such as the performance.
Management Corporation (IFC), Organisation We have integrated fatalities into our LTIP to reinforce our for Economic Co-operation and commitment to safety.
To ensure precise mapping, we undertake the following steps: Identify all stakeholders involved in our company’s value creation process.
Prioritise engagement with across the organization, classify stakeholders having highest Investors & Lenders these stakeholders into internal influence on our business and external groups.
and our ability to implement Business Industry forums our strategy partners FGD survey Community 84 2 Regulators Investors / Lenders Academic Institutions survey survey Stakeholder Engagement 7 4 Our stakeholder engagement NGO & Civil Society process centres on identifying issues that are crucial to our business Civil Society
Purpose: Engaging with the community helps us We undertake employee performance Support and feedback from shareholders Engaging with NGOs and civil society Prioritising contractual integrity and The purpose of engaging with regulators has understand crucial social factors necessary management and employee feedback offer ongoing direction for management enables us to consistently monitor and elevating customer satisfaction are been listed below: •Compliance with laws for its sustainable development, which in as primary mode of engaging with the and governance.
This entails a focused approach objectives include: and the investor community facilitates Our FY 2024 engagement initiatives were: Maintaining operational efficiency, with to local economy.
Policy advocacy on subjects relevant to and Indian Biodiversity Business overall community growth and development are Providing increased opportunities for the company Investor’s Presentation Initiative (IBBI) Channel of communication: identified.
assessments national, and local NGOs Event management committee and Public hearings Conferences and workshops welfare committee Grievance mechanisms Dedicated contact channel – esg@ Women’s club vedanta.co.in Cultural events Engaging with communities via various community initiatives of Vedanta Foundation Key expectations: Key expectations: Key expectations: Key expectations: Key expectations: Key expectations: Undertaking need-based community Safe Workplace Consistent disclosure of economic, Expectations of being aligned with the Consistent implementation of the Complaint with all the regulatory infrastructure projects.
An ongoing commitment Rebuilding Community Trust Policy & Advocacy Notwithstanding, the An update on Sterlite Since 2018, the Sterlite Copper team has instituted a program for “Community Connects” At Vedanta, our commitment to Within our mining sector operations, judgement of the Supreme Copper’s Tuticorin plant to have a systematic platform to engage in dialogue with local stakeholders.
This membership A breakdown of our stakeholder engagement strategy is given below: favourable perception of the began facing persistent meets India’s resource demands underscores our commitment to plant that what was the case protests by members from for green energy, electric vehicles, implementing sustainable mining 3.
notices being issued reforms, we ensure our initiatives progress against the 10 sustainable village presidents, village elders, and other explanations on how we minimized pollution, by the State Pollution are informed by robust research and mining principles, guided by Our goal is singular, should the influential members of the community.
Our partnerships with NGOs, international Control Board, which was plant be allowed to reopen, it improvement projects undertaken as part of collaborations with academia, think- institutions, and governments to eventually upheld by the These interactions allowed us to should be with the backing of our CSR initiatives.
order was challenged explanations about the Company’s We ensured that we reached out to all advocacy for responsible business by the company in the operations, practices, and future plans, and types of stakeholders – members from the practices.
We also reached out to those Court upheld the decision Over time, the company has been able persons with disabilities and members from of the Madras High Court to build a collaborative and consultative the transgender community who were often Supporting Sustainable Innovation and the plant remains shut relationship with the community.
Our investment These interactions helped personify the While the battle has 2.
Assisting during crisis proactive approach to innovation and focus targets startups with proven company and helped improve the perception played out in the sustainability.
Courts, the company Vedanta Spark 3.0, we collaborate Investment Committee comprising the first responders during times of crisis has undertaken several with 83 startups across the group, group leaders and external experts, for the community.
to drive volume increase, cost that enhance overall value and During the COVID-19 outbreak, we sought The Tuticorin location always had a strong Additionally, learnings reduction, and leverage emerging sustainability across our operations.
The Company continued to from Tuticorin have to restart our oxygen plant, in order to provided support to those programs, even also been incorporated provide much-needed oxygen for COVID- after the plant was ordered to be shut.
The three pillars that constitute our sustainability strategy – Transforming Communities, Transforming the Planet and Transforming the Workplace and the nine subsidiary aims, are all closely linked with our material issues.
This critical step ensured the weightages assigned based on their relative influence.
By integrating both financial and non-financial impacts, we aim to provide a comprehensive evaluation of the importance of these issues, alongside the corresponding risks and opportunities.
50 51 --- PAGE 28 --- Sustainability Report 2024 Aligning Impact: Vedanta's Journey in Materiality and Risk Integration Materiality Relevance Impact on Vedanta Impact on Stakeholders Impact To ensure alignment with our organizational direction, we conducted an evaluation to verify that all ESG-related risks Diversity & Gender parity in the Upliftment of women identified as primary and emerging risks within our risk management framework align with high-priority material topics.
communities Skilled workforce Additionally, this exercise enabled us to assess emerging risks, global trends, and regulatory changes for their significant Increased job Diverse work culture impact on key aspects of our business model, including revenue growth, margins, and capital requirements.
Air Emissions Regulatory compliance Degrading ambient air Integrating materiality assessment with ERM allows us to align our sustainability strategy with our risk management & Quality related fines quality framework effectively.
Governance of the materiality assessment ensures a well-regulated and structured process to guide our strategic initiatives.
Top material topics of concern for the board Cost Risk Revenue Cost Risk Revenue Executive Material Issue Business Case Impact Business Strategies Materiality Relevance Impact on Vedanta Impact on Stakeholders Impact Compensation Community Business reputation Community Transitioning to a lower-
Our climate change ESG Component in Engagement & development Improved community carbon economy necessitates strategy and roadmap Annual Performance Development relations Education and capacity significant changes in policies, prioritize net-zero Bonus:
To ensure and Climate building regulations, technologies, emissions by aligning encourage sustainable Local employment Change & and markets to meet climate our financial capital business practices, Decarbonisation change mitigation and allocation framework the annual bonus Water Building resilience - adaptation requirements.
Health, Safety Critical incident Occupational health reduce GHG emissions are & well-being management hazards expected to impact Vedanta’s Long Term Incentive operations, leading to higher Plan (LTIP): The options Business reputation costs for fossil fuels, levies are granted based on for emissions that exceed the sustained business Business Ethics Decrease in employee Fair operations permitted levels, and increased (40%) and individual & Corporate turnover rate administrative costs for performance (60%)
Performance Adherence to best Grievance mechanism (CBAM) will apply to our against the Carbon standards Aluminium, Iron, and Steel target makes up to 15% Long sustainable businesses.
GHG management Company’s risk exposure due Business reputation to decreased market access.
robust processes and and sustainability to achieve our ultimate Our safety performance is crucial checks to identify Health, Safety to our operations as mining is a and mitigate hazards vision of “Zero Harm”, Material Topics “Zero Waste” and “Zero & well-being high-risk business, done in varied within our operations.
for the Company like shutting down Within the plan, HSE/ Water Waste of operations due to significant ESG performance Management Management health and safety incident until proper constitutes 15% of investigation is completed.
A reinforce our commitment Impact, Risk, Opportunity strong health and safety record not to safety.
This commitment External Stakeholder Impact on External Stakeholder Impact on with the entity as a enhances our reputation in the negative multiplier.
Impact Areas: encourage sustainable Water productivity, staff well-being, and in place at operations business practices, Society Society & Environment Management ensuring efficient production, to ensure that fair the annual bonus operations and logistics with operations allocation of water scheme allocates in both water-stressed areas and appropriate weightage is maintained for key areas prone to flooding, change in to ESG metrices like municipal, agricultural water availability is a material risk for health, safety, and Impact and industrial users in businesses like BALCO, HZL and Cairn environment.
ESG performance, related stakeholder conflicts, due to Negative Positive which includes which, availability and accessibility of Refer to AIM 5 for water management the water with required quality for our more details constitutes 15% of operations and stakeholders will be employee performance impacted.
avoided in FY 2024 54 55 --- PAGE 30 --- Sustainability Report 2024 ESG Scorecard Progress as of Review Progress as of Review KPI Goals Baseline Material Issues KPI Goals Baseline Material Issues FY 2024 Frequency of Aim FY 2024 Frequency of Aim Aim 1: Keep community welfare as the guiding principle for our business decisions Aim 4: Net Zero Carbon by 2050 or sooner Impact Zero social incidents - One category 4 Community Determined by Absolute GHG FY 2030: 25% reduction by 60.24 9.31% increase; Climate Monthly Management category 4 and above and four category Engagement & site-teams emissions 2030 million 65.85 million Change and 5 incidents Development (% reduction tCO e tCO e
Aim 2: Empower 2.5 million individuals with enhanced skillsets Capital FY 2030: US$ 5 billion - US$ 3 billion Skilling (Number FY 2025: 1.5 million 0.6 million Skill-based Community Monthly Allocation for allocated towards of individuals individuals individuals training impacting Engagement & transition to net Renewable Energy to be impacted (FY 2016) 1.55 million Development FY 2030: 2.5 million zero projects through skill individuals individuals development and across 0.3 million Hydrogen as fuel Commitment to accelerate - No work was training) households the adoption of hydrogen as undertaken in FY a fuel and seek to diversify 2024 into H2 fuel or related Aim 3: Uplift 100 million women and children via social welfare interventions businesses Nand Ghar FY 2025: ~9,000 - 6,000+ Community Monthly Aim 5: Achieving Net Water Positivity by 2030 (Number of Engagement & FY 2030: 29,000 Nand Ghars to Development Net Water FY 2030: >1 ratio 0.52 0.71 Water Monthly be completed)
*Vedanta’s emissions are likely to peak in 2027 56 57 --- PAGE 31 --- Sustainability Report 2024 Progress as of Review Progress as of Review KPI Goals Baseline Material Issues KPI Goals Baseline Material Issues FY 2024 Frequency of Aim FY 2024 Frequency of Aim Aim 6: Enhance our business model by incorporating innovative green practices Aim 7: Prioritize the safety and health of our workforce Fly ash FY 2025:
Review of site - 100% sites have Biodiversity & examinations biodiversity risk across all been re- assessed Ecosystems our locations for biodiversity risk Habitat FY 2025 Determine the - Feasibility analysis restoration feasibility for commitment to completed No-Net-Loss or Net Positive- Impact (NNL/NPI) targets Aim 8: Promote gender parity, diversity, and inclusivity FY 2030:
Roadmap to Gender diversity FY 2030: 20% 10% 20% Diversity & Monthly achieve No Net-Loss or Net- (% women in the Inclusion Positive Impact in place FTE) Gender diversity FY 2030: 40% - 8% Aim 7: Prioritize the safety and health of our workforce (% women in leadership roles) Fatalities (No.)
Health performance - - Health standards implemented and Management part of VSAP Gender diversity (% FY 2030: 10% - 12% women in technical Systems leader/shop floor roles) 58 59 --- PAGE 32 --- Progress as of Review KPI Goals Baseline Material Issues FY 2024 Frequency of Aim Aim 9: Align with global standards of corporate governance Supply chain FY 2025: Working with our - Some of our Sustainable Monthly GHG transition long-term tier 1 suppliers to businesses have and Inclusive submit their GHG reduction begun engaging Supply Chain strategies with our tier-1 Business Ethics suppliers on their & Corporate FY 2030: Align our GHG climate goals Governance reduction strategies with our long-term tier 1 suppliers Training on Code Continue to cover 100% of - 100% of of Conduct employees employees % Independent 50% Independent Directors 50% 50% Independent Business Ethics Directors on on Board as per SEBI Directors as per & Corporate Board requirements SEBI requirement Governance % Gender FY 2025: 25% - 25% Business Ethics diversity on the & Corporate Board Governance Diversity & Inclusion 60 --- PAGE 33 --- Sustainability Report 2024 Managing Impacts across our mines: Sustainable Mining Community Consultation throughout the lifecycle Mining is an extractive activity which disrupts agricultural land and land that has been with families or villages for generations.
As our activities impact their lives and Environmental community needs, long-term targets is centered around livelihoods, their cooperation and concurrence are crucial for Vedanta to maintain its social license to operate.
Our closure studies mitigation actions waste, climate, through training and plans aim to mitigate environmental impacts and support socio-economic transitioning for local populations.
development Aligns with Aligns with execute different This model of sustainable mining helps us gain access to new sites, and maintains our credibility and goodwill, as opportunities Material topics- Material topics- initiatives for it demonstrates our high degree of responsibility and sense of stewardship towards those communities that are stakeholder Community Engagement Community Engagement affected by our work.
Review and report performance Community Engagement AIMs: 1,5,6 AIMs: 1,6 & Development OUR APPROACH implementation and other interventions Assessment studies done at the time extend over the productive lifecycle of land identification involves the local Aligns with At Vedanta, we adopt a lifecycle SDG(s) SDG(s) of our mines and beyond, and communities as part of the evaluation Material topics-
Progressive closure We ensure responsible use of finite natural resources, preserve ecological at the risk mitigation design phase to throughout the mine’s life.
Our on closure plan implementation and integrity, and create post-closure minimize impact on local ecosystems closure plans aim to return the site site rehabilitation is provided to all resources for communities.
Similarly, to a state comparable to the pre- stakeholders, thereby promoting this, we align our operations with operational planning, design and operation conditions, ensuring that transparency and accountability.
We supports the long-term well-being of leaching into groundwater by protecting in ways that minimize net impact and allocate adequate financial resources communities and ecosystems.
We align our processes with along the mine development, operation We commit to a period of monitoring, Business Unit FY 2024 Updates internationally accepted environmental and closure stages ensures conflict- care, and maintenance, usually for standards, in compliance with legal free operations, as communities feel at least five years after closure, and regulatory requirements, and well taken care of, creating a stable To further enhance metal volume, 160 kilo tonnes per annum (KTPA)
This at Debari Mine is under progress and has achieved 48.5% progress as on March 2024 Environmental, Health, and Safety adverse effects on ecosystems and is key to our maintaining our social with final commissioning being targeted by Q4 FY 2025.
Aligned with our sustainable mining practices, post-maturation, progressive mine closure activities like plantation, dump stabilization, and other such practices will be undertaken as per our Three ponds were restored in villages One rooftop rainwater harvesting 105 locals persons have been employed approved mine closure plan with capacities of 41,325 cu.m, structure has been erected at mines with in our mine thereby providing them with 19,890 cu.m and 7,812 cu.m.
at Vedanta aligns with the India Mines being practiced, along with responsible Act, 1952, emphasizing progressive resource management.
IFC performance standards, IFC EHS Guidelines, outlined by organizations such as ICMM principles, as well as impact assessment ICMM, ensures safety, stability, and and consultation processes where applicable.
Way Forward Vedanta is spearheading the transformative Gamsberg Concentrators contribute to EPC Approach: Implemented an Continue equipment deliveries, 53% sustainable mining by optimizing Engineering, Procurement, and targeting completion by Q1 FY Phase 2 project, showcasing our commitment to Overall project completion resource utilization, increasing yield, Construction (EPC) strategy for the 2025.
This and reducing waste, which conserves Phase 2 concentrator. initiative aims to double Gamsberg’s mining capacity with Focus on completing the wet mineral resources and minimizes 100% Long Lead Items: Initiated major Tailing Storage Facility (TSF) the construction of a new concentrator plant, enhancing environmental impact.
operations, building a new concentrator Gamsberg Phase 2 expansion plant, and establishing critical aligns with our vision to Project Impact infrastructure such as a new tailings increase MIC from 300 KTPA dam, power transmission lines, and Capacity Expansion: Doubling to 500 KTPA.
Today, we implement substantial financial commitments and environmental harm, ensuring safe comprehensive, goal-oriented significant risks.
FY 2024 Achievements SDGs One category 4 and four category 5 1.55 million individuals impacted incidents through skills training Amidst the energy transition Application for VPSHR 13.3 million women and children PILLAR 1 membership submitted to the VPI benefited and urbanization, the metals Secretariat 6,000+ Nandghars operational Transforming and mining industry faces unprecedented opportunities.
As we strategize to seize these Communities prospects and expand our global influence, we remain committed to Material Issues addressed in this Pillar embedding sustainability into our business fabric.
THE PLANET THE WORKPLACE AIM 1 Social Strategy Keep Community Welfare As The Guiding Principle For Our Business Decisions Our social strategy comprises of 3 foundational elements and the specific topics they govern: The communities who reside adjacent strategy and day-to-day decision- our organization, and by focusing to our sites are one of our most critical making.
Aim 1 primarily focuses on ‘Do no Harm to Communities’ and ‘Building Trust’ while, ‘Benefit-Sharing’ spans Material Topics Stakeholders Impacted Impacts KPIs Progress in FY 2024 across all three aims of our Transforming Communities Pillar.
External Stakeholders: Negative % social incidents 100% Local communities, impacts along investigated/ closed Governance Business Partners the value chain Human Rights under progress Community (Suppliers) Vedanta Group’s governance structure ensures robust oversight of environmental, social, and governance (ESG) matters.
Community engagement and development, integral to our social Development, Human Rights assessment To be undertaken upon the performance, are overseen by the CSR Committee of the Board.
The Communities of Practice at the Group and Business Unit recommendation closure completion of the human levels, responsible for community development and infrastructure initiatives, report to the executive-level CSR Management rights assessment Committee.
This approach underscores significant, can impose socio- Steering (CoP) and ensure conflict-free, seamless our commitment to sustainable and Committee economic, cultural, health, and operations.
These reports undergo investigations using standardized procedures, with the findings We follow a top-down approach of At Vedanta, we believe that to foster efficient community relationships, a robust on- and subsequent actions communicated back to relevant stakeholders for their input.
Comprehensive records of community oversight and implementation of site Social Performance Management Team and a systematic Grievance redressal meetings and interactions are maintained to ensure continuity and transparency, benefitting both the community and our Social Performance.
Each site thus has a Social Performance Steering Committee company.
Grievances at resolution fall short, the CLO responsibility, allowing the CLO received are meticulously may recommend escalation to Coordinated to relay information about the recorded and promptly acted higher-level mechanisms or third- stakeholder grievance mechanism established upon by the grievance redressal party mediation, demonstrating engagement strategy by the company and to facilitate cell, with the CLO playing a central a commitment to exhaustively A functional Social Performance with relevant internal the resolution process.
ensuring that it adheres to a improvements in operational Implements standards on: Complaints are then forwarded structured seven-step approach: practices, ultimately upholding Human Rights to relevant departments for Receive, Acknowledge, Assess the well-being and dignity of all Figure: Functions of the SPSC investigation, where the validity is & Assign, Investigate, Respond, individuals impacted by Community Grievance verified, causes are identified, and Resolve/Recourse, and Close-out.
This direct engagement create positive outcomes, aiming 100% acknowledges the unique needs for improvements in livelihoods Number of development Each site has a Social Performance and aspirations of each community, and living conditions that lead to projects is 2 of Development projects/programs Manager (SPM), whose role is to empowering them and promoting economic independence.
Our system community input and making targeted performance principles at incorporates two-way communication investments, we aim to build strong the location.
identification; however, if unresolved, findings with location heads, the SPSC, Do No Harm to Communities our CLO provides bi-monthly updates and Corporate HSES for further review Concerns and complaints received approach of our strategy is integral to both the grievance holder and the and improvement.
Through the following measures, we strive to ensure that our mining activities have no adverse impacts on the communities in which we operate, promoting sustainable and harmonious relationships.
These efforts Training on Soura Promotion of Women At our Lanjigarh facility, we have been with our Land Acquisition & demonstrate Vedanta’s commitment Art, Housekeeping, empowerment program & working to resettle and rehabilitate Resettlement standard.
The resettlement Promotion of Women Mango H total investment on 1.73 billion is families and large communities are and rehabilitation has been empowerment being made that includes payments not disadvantaged.
The company has also organized finance literacy training in coordinating with District Administration, Financial Institution & Investment of the R&R entitlements payments in Social Security Schemes.
We align with international frameworks rich areas often coincide with Strategic opportunities, promote reconciliation, and enhance community well-being.
We strive to protect their rights and such as the IFC Performance indigenous communities who have Priorities achieve this through CSR initiatives in the operational stage of our mining projects.
State Governments to ensure that we and ensuring the well-being of these cultures, and traditions.
we respect the rights and aspirations our interactions and relationships of Indigenous Peoples, aiming to Business Unit Initiative Engagement Activities with Indigenous Peoples and Tribal VAL- Lanjigarh Archery Goal(s): Create economic Vedanta supports holistic child development through coaching opportunities; Promote sports like Archery, enhancing physical fitness at Vedanta reconciliation; Enhance and mental capabilities.
This initiative promotes Our two-way consultation approach is depicted below: Lanjigarh community Well-being indigenous sports and ancient martial arts among students, aiming to cultivate their natural talents on Stakeholder(s): larger stages.
Tribe Group live in the Dhokra and terrains of Kalahandi Vedanta Limited Lanjigarh has undertaken initiatives Saura Art district including some to revive and support indigenous tribal arts like parts of Lanjigarh block in Dhokra and Saura art, deeply rooted in the cultural Kalahandi district heritage of Kalahandi district.
It also integrates human Vedanta strive to uphold standards of Empowering The WADI project, a collaboration between ESL Steel rights considerations into various human rights across our operations, Tribal Farmers: Limited, NABARD, and Gramin Seva Sangh, addresses We ensures standards of human rights aspects of our operations.
The initiative aims to benefit 500 tribal Standards, reflecting our core value of stakeholders depend directly on our farmers by improving their access to modern farming Respect.
By educating on Human Rights Policy is Code of Business Conduct Menstrual Health Management (MHM), we raise aligned with international Anti-slavery Supplier Code of Conduct Communities (PACs) and Ethics (CoBE) awareness about safe reproductive health and standards Tribal communities: In provide guidance on product choices.
Through Korba district which is extensive awareness and capacity-building initiatives, United Nations Compliance with the Our Code of Business Our Supplier Code of predominantly a tribal as of 2023, we have sensitized over 48,000 women, Declaration on Human Modern Slavery Act Conduct and Ethics Conduct ensures third majority district situated men, adolescent girls, and boys across five blocks Rights (UK) since 2016 (CoBE) aligns with parties including their in the north-central part in the Korba district, including Korba, Podi Uproda, national laws and employees, agents of Chhattisgarh.
regulations and is and representatives of Business and audits conducted to affirmed annually who have a business Human Rights (the ensure our supply by employees and relationship with Ruggie Principles) chain is free from slave business partners.
Ensure all operations Set up an ICC to address mechanism and a system of for their universal application across our comply with the Modern Slavery complaints related to workplace Suppliers Screened positive compliance reporting operations.
This evaluation encompasses were assessed, 30.7% were in three years: Ensure all sites assessed our internal operations, our entire value chain, and in identified to have potential Geo fencing to ensure maintain ISO 45001:2018/OHSAS new business-relations.
Forced labour inspections and audits of suppliers, rights issues covered/identified during Commitment to Vedanta Human Rights Policies and & Labor Rights Policy Roaster system for monitoring addressing any issues identified.
We commit to prioritize the community with the agency to negotiate.
Our goal is to support the right to freedom of community engagement and customize the employment generation activities that The Building Trust element of our Embedded within Vedanta’s business become participants in the Voluntary association and facilitate transparent are more aligned to the needs of the community members.
The following initiatives social strategy is a multifaceted ethos is a foundational commitment Principles on Security and Human and fair discussions between union while integrated in our strategy, as the community development aspect, also approach aimed at establishing to prioritizing community well-being Rights (VPSHR) by 2025 and have representatives and management intersect with the CSR activities.
engaged with them and applied to to establish collective bargaining of our benefit-sharing philosophy and commitment to community development local communities surrounding our The Company acknowledges the become permanent members.
In most of our businesses, more than local communities in decision-making (ASM) activities within host engage with both private and public commitment towards these aspects, 50% of the full-time employees are from the same state.
security forces to increase awareness we have undertaken a few initiatives in communities may pose environmental, of human rights and underscore the FY 2024: socio-economic, and human rights Ensuring fair and equitable wages importance of responsible security challenges.
Through dialogue and sharing We actively conduct vocational and skill development programs associated with the disposal of toxic Our aim is to have discussions with demonstration of the respect we 1 our corporate approach, we work to like HZL’s Micro-enterprise program, VAL-L’s Project Panchhi, chemicals, mine security, and potential the union to resolve their issues hold for our workforce.
By without any strikes living wage methodology, particularly amongst others targeting local youth and women as part of our engaging in constructive dialogue referencing "The Asia Floor Wage" Optimize the utilization of our CSR efforts to generate income.
with legitimate local ASM operators, 99.9% framework, to establish a minimum funds to benefit the local workforce conflicts can be mitigated, building pay level that is deemed acceptable In some cases, senior management roles may be filled by of security personnel trained on human and meet the Union’s expectations 2 positive relationships within the and justifiable for a standard number individuals from nearby communities, aligning with our rights and security community, and promote the of working hours and to meet the basic commitment to providing equitable employment opportunities.
of FY 2024, we have not identified any specific meetings related to By FY 2030, we aim to set the living potential.
opportunities throughout the course 86 87 --- PAGE 46 --- SSuussttaaiinnaabbiilliittyy RReeppoorrtt 22002244 Related Initiatives Achievement/Initiatives Related KPIs Values for FY 2024 Project Panchhi Women employed to Vedanta upon 58 women were employed at Vedanta’s completing apprenticeship operations in VAL-Lanjigarh Local Procurement In conjunction to our emphasis on creating jobs, we actively collaborate with local vendors and suppliers whenever feasible.
The CSR Policy has been created and adopted with the objective to conduct business in a socially, ethically, and We implement our CSR Policy through models as given below: Aims 2 and 3 is governed by the environmentally responsible manner as we work on improving the quality of life of communities in and around our Community of Practice which reports operational areas.
It is our commitment to reinvest in the social good of our neighborhood communities and the nation, to the CSR Management Committee, at large.
Our CSR activities have thematic focus areas that are aligned with Schedule VII of the Government Forming Companies Act, these have been created with the goal of alleviating poverty by integrating socio-economic Partnerships Community groups development and empowerment of people to align with the results of our baseline and needs assessment as Board well as national and international development agendas.
Vedanta Foundation Anil Aggarwal Foundation Executive Management In-house implementation Contribute to integrated Sustainable and mutually and inclusive development beneficial stakeholder CSR ManCom of the country relationships with host Internal reviews by CSR teams on periodic basis communities Community of Practice (CoP) CSR Exco & ManCom reviews to give directions to the projects and explore new opportunities Rationale of our CSR Baseline and Need assessment every three years through Community Development Activities an independent agency Community Infrastructure Impact assessment of projects/programme as per law or on completion of the project/programme through an independent agency CSR Committee of the Company that meets twice a year to Employees can have the Partnerships offer complementing approve the annual CSR plan/ budget, ensure CSR activities are as opportunity to contribute efforts and resources to build per the Board Policy and review the progress of the projects.
THE PLANET THE WORKPLACE Key Programmes AIM 2 Empower 2.5 million Individuals With Enhanced Skillsets At Vedanta, we recognize that the well-
These initiatives not only Building a culture of sports being of the communities in which we development, education, and health support the local economy but also operate is vital to our long-term success.
care, which are designed to empower foster a sense of independence and Local communities around our operational We aim to build and maintain trust with individuals and families.
This initiative Why Material? employment opportunities, stimulates that can withstand adverse events focuses on creating state-of-the-art sports local economies, and fosters and sudden changes, empowering We prioritize the well-being of the infrastructure and on promoting social community development through skill-development and supporting communities where we operate, inclusion and equality through sports.
The remote local enterprises and organizations recognizing their importance in By supporting various sports academies locations of our host communities independent of our operations, is Number of beneficiaries through granting us the social license to and programs, Vedanta is dedicated also make certain learning and integral.
economic growth and trustworthy trust, and garnering support from contributing to the overall development of Throughout the course of our projects, relationships that can avert agitations.
matches involving women from the community, highlight the programme’s Achievements: 4 5 6 role in promoting gender equality and Nikhil’s journey saw significant milestones: Dronacharya Archery Academy, Project Divyang Vedanta ESL Archery Academy empowerment through sports.
During the AIFF Junior League 2023-24, the Under-15 team from Zinc Football Jharkhand, and Vedanta Archery Supporting para-athletes in partnership Established to develop local archery Academy, including Nikhil, topped their group.
They won all four matches, Training, Lanjigarh, Odisha with the Paralympic Committee of talent, this academy provides scoring 25 goals and conceding none, showcasing both offensive prowess and India, this initiative promotes inclusion comprehensive training, resources, These academies focus on archery, defensive strength.
Nikhil emerged as the top scorer with an impressive 12 and has empowered several high- and support to young archers, providing training, equipment, and goals in just four matches.
By integrating these diverse initiatives under the Vedanta Sports Programme, Vedanta is committed to creating a positive impact on local communities, fostering sports talent, and promoting social inclusion through the power of sports.
By investing in grassroots sports development, Vedanta is: Nurturing future sports stars Our Collective Impact: Contributing to the social and economic upliftment of communities Participation and Inclusion In the heart of Udaipur, Rajasthan, lies a beacon of hope and opportunity—Zinc Promoting gender equality and opportunities across all age groups Football Academy.
Limited under Vedanta, embodies a commitment to leveraging the power of annually through the outreach football for social upliftment.
have on the local communities, we aim to share the benefits of economic Focus: Vocational training in trades Courses: NCVT-approved trades Milestone: Trained over development with local communities, like mobile repairing and electricity such as fitter, machinist, instrument 1.4 million youth.
VZI’s Vedanta Skill Centre 0.3 million households Skills developed Introduction Provide technical Enhance The Vedanta Community Skills Centre offers a The Vedanta Community Skills Centre, inaugurated on education employability diverse range of courses, both hard and soft skills, August 23, 2023, represents a significant investment in local to meet the critical needs identified in and around skills development.
These courses include: to provide essential skills training to community members, enhancing their employability and supporting the region’s Hard Skills socio-economic growth.
skill gap entrepreneurship Skilling Basic Welding Bricklaying Plumbing Programmes The Skills Centre is part of Vedanta’s commitment to its Social and Labour plan (SLP).
THE PLANET THE WORKPLACE Programmes And Case Studies AIM 3 Uplift 100 million Women And Children Via Social Welfare Interventions To prioritize community welfare and children’s well-being and education, new mothers and their young children.
Additionally, women in across various thematic areas, including Ghar Anganwadi (child daycare center) campaigns such as Swachh Bharat, Beti these regions often lack opportunities for skill development and economic empowerment, further exacerbating social healthcare, drinking water and sanitation, program, established in 2015, supports Bachao Beti Padhao, and Startup India.
External Stakeholders: Positive Number of 6,000+ Enhance Early Local communities, impacts along Nand Ghars Childhood Education women, children the value chain 6,000+ Community Number of women and 13.3 million women and Nand Ghars Engagement and children uplifted children benefitted Improve Child Health Development, and Nutrition *Cumulative numbers (baseline: 2016) 439,861 Women & Children Material Topic: Objectives of Empower Women through Uplifted through the Nand Ghar Community Engagement & Development Skill Development Programme Nand Ghars Why Material?
as malnutrition, water-related diseases, communities while also promoting and access to healthcare services in and sustainable development and enhancing Vedanta’s operations are in parts of Ensure Sustainable and around the sites of Vedanta is further social well-being.
relevant Government In Focus: indicators within programs Collective Skill Training and Income Interactive Learning Methods: Integrated Services: SDGS Community CSR Generation: Utilizing BaLA designs, pre-loaded Additional initiatives, including animal Going beyond centered Partnerships Nand Ghar facilitates skill training, content on TVs and smart kits, and welfare programs, support the broader our existing CSR programs Multilateral scheme linkage activities, and tablets, Nand Ghar enhances pre- community’s well-being.
Ghar Programme aims to transform placements and market linkages, Partnerships & the Anganwadi ecosystem and Align with SDG's empowering women economically.
Financial Inclusion and Access Community Engagement and Support Networks Partner with financial institutions to provide loans and Form and support SHGs to foster peer support and Foster Community Enhance Women’s financial resources.
Generating Farm and Collaborate with line departments and social security Registered the first FPO, Chirasrota Farmers Producer Non-Farm Activities schemes to maximize resource utilization and support.
By providing essential training, financial resources, and organizational support, the project not only enhances women's economic 2,043 SHGs with independence but also fosters community development.
The milestones achieved so far highlight the project's success and its potential for further positive impact on the socio- economic status of women in Lanjigarh and beyond. 14.8 million sales through women J 3.4 million led enterprises income generated 100 101 --- PAGE 53 --- Sustainability Report 2024 With every passing year, climate habitats as a result of our excavation with intricate, multi-level governance anomalies have become more and mining activities.
This intensive activities like heating, cooling, With the launch of our comprehensive has been counterbalanced by a surge excavation and mine operations; water Sustainability Strategy in FY 2022, in RE capacity addition, decreases in intensive activities for metals and we have been making systematic energy intensity factors and faster rates minerals processing and transport of progress in limiting impact.
These achievements slurries; generation of high volumes of the course top-down, Vedanta has demonstrate Vedanta’s proactive hazardous and non-hazardous waste introduced comprehensive policies in sustainability leadership.
It is likely that Vedanta’s GHG commitment to reduce our absolute Group.
achieve net zero carbon ambition of 2050 or sooner and, in this journey, or earlier.
We believe that a combination we manage transition risks and capitalize on potential opportunities.
because it requires the business to Going forward, energy transition technologies which are currently in Short Term Goal FY 2025 demonstration stages like green ammonia and hydrogen for fuel options 20% reduction in GHG intensity of could emerge as decarbonization levers between 2030 and 2050 for our metals’ businesses (FY2021 Vedanta.
Moreover, we remain steadfast in our climate action journey with proactive initiatives around carbon pricing, alignment with Science based targets initiatives (SBTi) 2-degree pathway Increasing Renewable Switching to Low and shifting towards greener economy models.
In line with our goals and Energy Carbon Fuels commitments, we have further segregated our approach around climate action by delving into: LEVER 1 LEVER 2 LEVER 4 LEVER 3 Climate change emission reduction Improving energy strategies Purchasing Carbon and process Offsets for Residual efficiencies of our Emissions operations Climate change adaptation and resilience strategies 106 107 --- PAGE 56 --- TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING Sustainability Report 2024 COMMUNITIES
We remain on-track to achieve 2.5 GW of renewable energy round-the-clock equivalent usage by 2030.
We anticipate that we will be able to reduce our GHG emissions by 17 million tCO e because of this renewable energy deployment.
H During the current year, the Group has invested 4.85 billion (US$ 58.63 million) in Optionally Convertible Redeemable Preference shares of Serentica as part of procuring 835 MW round-the-clock renewable power over twenty-five years from date of commissioning of the combined renewable energy power projects on a group captive basis.
The project aims to harness solar energy, and enhance sustainability allocation of H 7.88 billion clean energy through captive power tonnes of CO eq emissions will investment in solar panel energy through rooftop installations in pipeline operations and gas 2 (including H 4.11 billion until FY development by harnessing solar, be avoided upon successful installations across various to reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) production facilities. 2024).
Key Impacts How does this contribute to RE-RTC Key Impacts How does this contribute to RE-RTC Renewable Energy Hindustan Zinc Limited (HZL) is This initiative will ensure a 1 Renewable Energy Generation: Cairn Oil & Gas has embarked on a Raag Gas wellpads (WPs):
This initiative supports Capital Investment: Strategic VZI is implementing a strategic By leveraging solar Photovoltaic Execution of long-term Power Renewables to enhance its renewable Vedanta’s sustainability goals, investment in solar panel renewable energy project at Gamsberg (PV) technology and strategic Delivery Agreements (PDA) for energy portfolio, aiming to integrate including significant reductions installations across various to enhance operational cost efficiency partnerships, VZI is poised to renewable energy procurement.
commitment to sustainable mining precedent for responsible resource practices and operational efficiency.
Optimized energy sourcing to goals with clean energy authorities for land usage and support sustainable operational production.
Project Advancement: Clearances: Environmental Phased implementation Complete Phase II clearance secured for 30 MW ensuring strategic alignment Development: Proceed with Progress and Future Plans with operational needs and Phase I Progress: Power Purchase project tendering and approvals Vedanta is committed to achieving its sustainability targets: regulatory requirements.
Aligned with for the supply of 16 MW with a the company’s Science- the Vedanta’s vision to reach potential to offset 64,535 tCO e per Based Targets Initiative 2 net zero emissions by 2050, annum. (SBTi) targets, thereby Sterlite Copper has signed contributing to a sustainable For Hindustan Zinc, Serentica’s contract with M/s Serentica and environmentally friendly partnership is pivotal in achieving Renewable Power Limited operational model.
We plan to achieve 5% biomass cofiring using residual agricultural waste in of light motor vehicles (LMVs) and safe material handling throughout operational benefits such as thermal power plants by FY 2025.
Traditionally, these vehicles lower maintenance costs, quicker In line with this goal, we have rolled out industry-leading policies, such as an EV purchase policy for all our employees to in material handling, logistics, have relied on diesel, contributing deployment times, and improved incentivize employees to opt for electric vehicles.
which has helped reduce diesel electric trucks has also improved consumption inter-unit transport sustainability, VAL J has deployed 27 Electric offering advantages such as forklifts while BALCO and lower maintenance costs, quicker Lanjigarh have deployed 6 and commissioning times, reduced 3 forklifts respectively ventilation needs, and improved underground air quality for workers.
THE PLANET THE WORKPLACE LEVER 3 GHG Emissions Intensity Trend Metal and Minind Business BU wise Scope 1 & 2 GHG Emissions Improving energy and process (tCO e/ton of metal) (tCO e) efficiencies of our operations 2 2 6.25 Reduced energy consumption and conservation originating from greater energy efficiency measures are 5.66 fundamental to our decarbonization strategy.
During FY 2024, we have introduced a range of initiatives to improve energy efficiencies, which will yield multiple benefits including cost savings, streamlined operations and enhanced productivity.
Approximately, 11% of the total planned emissions reduction between FY 2027-2030 will be achieved through energy conservation projects.
Developed in collaboration with the esteemed GHG Emissions Intensity Profiling 14% Power Indian Institute of Technology Kharagpur (“IIT KGP”) and with support from the Lanjigarh facility, this advancement promises to enhance operational excellence and sustainability within Vedanta while Business Unit FY2023 FY2024 Steel + Ferrochrome 7% positively contributing a solution that could be applied across the global aluminium industry.
action as this helps us demonstrate the preparedness of our businesses and 61,288,838 8,182,542 38,187,551 establishes our credibility before our 57,175,391 34,871,361 many stakeholders, thus enhancing our reputation, investment worthiness and market value.
The different measures that we have taken to strengthen our risk resilience demonstrates our leadership’s commitment towards climate change transparency.
THE PLANET THE WORKPLACE Climate Adaptation and Resilience Strategies Physical risk assessment We have undertaken transition and physical climate risk assessments for our metals and mining, oil & gas, and thermal Vedanta has assessed its physical risks due to extreme weather events and long-term catastrophic climate changes and power businesses.
Based on the findings, we have further categorized individual transition risks as carrying the potential for has conducted the assessments for 55 sites.
Vedanta uses the NGFS Scenarios consortium to enhance sites, we looked at past trends and future estimates of major climate dangers, such as temperature changes, precipitation the robustness of our transition risk assessment.
We have also detailed The traffic-signal table below summarizes the perceived climate transition threat at the business level, over the short- to our physical risk analysis in our annual Climate Action Report FY 2024 report to provide detailed insights across different medium-term.
Business Unit Risk Description Risk Horizon Risk Indicator Business Unit Scenario Type Hazard Type Balco Increased costs due to adoption of cleaner energy sources Short Flood Rainfall Drought High Temperature Cyclone Increased costs due to adoption of cleaner energy sources Medium Balco RCP 4.5 S M L S M L S M L S M L S M L Carin Oil and Gas Reputational risks and Increased cost of compliance Short RCP 8.5
S M L S M L S M L S M L S M L Reduced demand for Oil and Gas due uptake of low-emission Medium HZL RCP 4.5 technologies S M L S M L S M L S M L S M L ESL Increased costs due to adoption of cleaner energy sources Short RCP 8.5 S M L S M L S M L S M L S M L CBAM Costs Medium Cairn RCP 4.5 S M L S M L S M L S M L S M L TSPL Increased cost of compliance Short RCP 8.5 S M L S M L S M L S M L S M L Phase down of coal and loss of market share Medium ESL RCP 4.5 S M L S M L S M L S M L S M L VAL Increased costs due to adoption of cleaner energy sources Short RCP 8.5 S M L S M L S M L S M L S M L CBAM costs Medium Iron Ore RCP 4.5 S M L S M L S M L S M L S M L Sterile Copper Increased costs due to adoption of cleaner energy sources Short RCP 8.5 S M L S M L S M L S M L S M L CBAM costs Medium TSPL RCP 4.5 S M L S M L S M L S M L S M L VZI Increased costs due to adoption of cleaner energy sources
Indicator Red Indicator RCP 8.5 S M L S M L S M L S M L S M L SC RCP 4.5 S M L S M L S M L S M L S M L RCP 8.5 S M L S M L S M L S M L S M L VZI RCP 4.5 S M L S M L S M L S M L S M L RCP 8.5 S M L S M L S M L S M L S M L S Short-term Very Low Risk High Risk M Medium-term Low Risk Very High Risk L Long-term Medium Risk 118 119 --- PAGE 62 --- TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING Sustainability Report 2024 COMMUNITIES THE PLANET THE WORKPLACE Using internal carbon pricing Key Highlights for FY2024 Vedanta has adopted an internal shadow carbon price of US$ 15 per Low Carbon Product Sustainable Metal Production Recycled Materials H tonne/ 1,241.76 of CO e which is 2 Our flagship green aluminium product HZL has demonstrably reduced the Sterlite Copper Business consumed an aggregate of 27,052 MT of Secondary applicable for projects with budgets H Restora Ultra is crafted from recovered average specific power consumption in copper made from recycled scraps in FY 2024 with the following respective surpassing 50 million.
Both the products This achievement is of significance 2 case for clean energy transformation have seen steady demand growth and not only for HZL or the Vedanta Group, and projects that enable such a this year, nearly US$ 150 million-worth but for the zinc and metals industry at switch.
By aligning our businesses of revenues were generated from the large, as it demonstrates the potential to such cost scenarios, we also sale of low-carbon aluminum.
financial pragmatism, reducing our aluminum, with the dispatch of Restora 24,693 MT risk exposures, and increasing our to its client Global Aluminum Pvt Ltd. Estimated reduction of investment worthiness through The order involves supply of 300 MT of Energy and Resource Conservation 61,733 tCO eq.
In the last 6 months, Low Carbon Fuel Switching Estimated reduction of reviewed annually to ensure we remain the electric pump has saved more than 5,897.5 tCO2eq.
The EV segment’s higher copper usage, coupled of energy-efficient technologies with noxious fumes like the ones produced with India’s copper demand projected to reach 3 million tonnes by 2030 and an estimated 9.5% increase in 2024, clean energy sources and opens by diesel-powered ones.
Following the latest addition, there towards its Net Zero target by 2070, Vedanta is well-positioned to capitalize on these trends, driving sustainable are now 3 BEVs deployed at Sindesar growth and innovation in these critical sectors.
120 121 --- PAGE 63 --- TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING Sustainability Report 2024 COMMUNITIES THE PLANET THE WORKPLACE Management Approach The Group Head HSE & Sustainability interventions can be planned and AIM 5 regularly conducts routine implemented through our regular Vedanta’s Board level ESG Committee Achieving Net Water Positivity by 2030 examinations of our sites’ water-related operational processes.
Our target is to and operational decision making.
This strategy can help enhance water risk management, mitigation also updates the Board on businesses oversight, we ensure that our internal water availability, quality, and wastewater management, contributing to water security and resilience.
An aspect of this is the use The following policies and technical Total Water Consumption 280 million m3 of risk assessments to identify high standards create the foundation for water stress areas so that better a robust water management system, promoting compliance, continuous improvement and the use of best practices: Water Board Management 1 Corporate Water Policy 2 Water Management Standard Water is fundamental to human Wherever we operate, we share unrestrained mining operations life.
Vedanta has identified water this natural resource with adjacent can decrease the common pool 3 Environmental Policy management as a highly material topic communities, who also provide us with of freshwater and / or cause Board ESG 4 Stakeholder Engagement as lack of this resource can affect the license to operate, a facility that contamination leading to harm for Committee Standards our business viability and continuous may be easily jeopardized in case the human populations and flora and fauna.
separation and refining processes ESG Executive Corporate ESG Management situations unless water management requiring high volumes of water Commitee ESG Team Commitee Water is a shared public resource.
We optimize our our water reuse rates and are well ensure the sustainable use of water resources, which is essential for their business continuity plan and provides us with social water use in the following ways: on track to reach our goal of a license to operate.
For FY 2025, we have set the operational interim target of increasing our water Assessments efficiency.
These targets are set with the objective of taking a phased approach to our Operational Compliance Reputational 2030 goal of net water positivity, and we are well on track.
124 125 --- PAGE 65 --- TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING Sustainability Report 2024 COMMUNITIES THE PLANET THE WORKPLACE Managing Water Risks, Opportunties and Impacts Business Unit Basin Risk Operational Risk Our water management approach follows four tracks – reduce, recycle, harvest and replenish.
Our water Low Risk Risk Risk Sites Low Risk Risk Risk Sites management initiatives around the harvest and replenish tracks rely significantly on community support for their success and Risk Risk perpetuity.
Power TSPL - - - - - - 1 This is done through process 1 1 At ESL Steel during this reporting year, sewage treatment improvements, optimized water plant has been commissioned which would reduce freshwater Sterlite Copper - - - - 4 usage, and adoption of water- 3 1 1 3 offtake by 275 KL/day.
Of this, 16,740 m3 has already been drastically reduce our reliance on achieved.
126 127 --- PAGE 66 --- TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING Sustainability Report 2024 COMMUNITIES THE PLANET THE WORKPLACE CASE STUDIES Water Stewardship water use minimization, recycling, plants on our facilities to building of reclamation, harvesting, replenishment water saving structures in villages By using every drop of water with in every aspect of our operations so close to our plants, to ensure that responsibility and by conserving this that there is less use of freshwater and every drop is saved.
Every member a variety of water conservation and access ensures social equity and of our organization –both employees replenishment initiatives – from justice, environmental sustainability, and partners – inculcate the values creation of wastewater treatment and economic prosperity.
Impacts on Stakeholders How does it create value Our five-year vision Farmers The integrated watershed and Develop climate-adaptive and The project is designed to be implemented over five years with a comprehensive action plan that includes: Increased productivity and income livelihood project, initiated by Vedanta resilient livelihood systems Aluminium Limited (VAL) in partnership through crop diversification, Women and SHGS with AFPRO, aims to: technology adoption, and Empowerment and entrepreneurial natural resource management.
opportunities sustainability Moisture conservation, agricultural practices to sustainably Sustainability of water Sustainable agriculture, increase farm productivity and Consolidation and resources accessibility Preparatory Phase Livelihood, WASH, Infrastructure income.
Lower overall cost of water usage for agricultural needs Impacts on Vedanta Progress in FY 2024 First Year Three and a Half Years Six Months Mass awareness training Water conservation interventions Develop action plans for Reduces Physical Risk A pre-project study identifying a Formation and training of management and maintenance of Climate Change: The significant gap between existing community groups in progress Formation and strengthening Soil conservation interventions of developed natural resources, project mitigates long-term water harvesting capacity of 3,972 of village water and sanitation Ongoing development of the Sustainable agriculture rules / procedures for allocation climate risks by improving TCM and the desired requirement committee Centre of Excellence (CoE) with of users right, collection of user water management and of 6,719 TCM.
organizations Reduces Cost of Water Intensification of farm Our Impact Footprint Consumption: By increasing Training of gram panchayat production systems/off- water availability through members farm livelihoods, up scaling Water Positive business and water
fully functional by 2027 and is Exposure visit efficient irrigation systems, the through revolving fund under likely to generate 53.37% of the project lowers the overall cost 23,000 beneficiaries in over 15,000 Awareness training on health the project as well as credit and water credit required for achieving of water usage for operational acres of land and hygiene technical support from external water positivity once it reaches needs.
THE PLANET THE WORKPLACE Material Topic: AIM 6 Air Emissions Enhance our Business Model by Incorporating Innovative Green Practices & Quality Vedanta’s move towards a greener business model involves the control of four aspects of our operations – air emissions, impact on biodiversity, management of hazardous and non-hazardous waste and safe storage and disposal of tailings.
as part of our ambient air quality necessitate strong oversight and governance and operational processes we follow to ensure safe coexistence of our commercial activities with those who monitoring process.
We have deployed emission been aligned with our Environmental Local communities, only meet the mandated air quality control technologies and advanced Management Standard.
External Stakeholders: Locations reviewed for 100% sites in FY 2024 Local and Indigenous biodiversity risk reviewed communities Target related to NNL/NPI to In progress 17,008 399,279 102,946 Biodiversity & ecosystems be set by FY2024 PM Emissions SOx Emissions (MT) NOx Emissions (MT) Roadmap to achieve No-Net-
THE PLANET THE WORKPLACE Material Topic: Our biodiversity management programme considers certain critical parameters to achieve the objectives of biodiversity conservation across the project life cycle – from initial development to decommissioning, closure, and Biodiversity & rehabilitation.
or management of biodiversity or those who are affected Our Commitments by conservation initiatives.
Stakeholders may include Committed to achieving No-Net Loss at our project operations by implementing the mitigation hierarchy of organizations, communities or avoiding, minimizing, and restoring the direct impacts and offsetting the residual impacts.
India boasts exceptional Standard that incorporates elements standards, and operational processes, ecosystems to safeguard water supplies, act as a barrier against storm surges in coastal regions and create livable conditions biodiversity, thanks to its diverse from the International Finance Vedanta demonstrates its commitment for the communities that reside near our operations.
Our targets: conflicts between development, sustainable management of biological reflects its understanding of the industry, and the preservation of resources.
‘1 outlines the company’s commitment to India Business & Biodiversity Initiative, GISTM Disclosure on Tailings trillion trees campaign.
Given the significance of such risks, they (NNL) commitment, we have operations on biodiversity across 52 more than a year, we have already are integrated into our overall risk management framework.
This ensures that a comprehensive and holistic approach updated our Biodiversity of our sites, globally.
The inclusion of such risks within the larger Management Plans (BMP) to followed for this assessment of our operations on biodiversity and framework helps us develop standardized measures, increase general awareness and build greater sensitivity internally.
It identify impact-based risks to aligns with evolving biodiversity are in the process of evaluating and also determines our approach to resource utilization and resource conservation.
At the biodiverse areas within helps to determine for all our operations and ecosystem services first level, operations aim for core areas and buffer biodiversity risks and based on the findings of management that are avoidance and minimization areas that may be directly impacts from a proposed the technical biodiversity specific to each site.
This initiative is Agreement, signed on 16 October Restoration of wildlife habitats and corridors supported by the South African 2014, between Black Mountain Restoration of coastal ecosystems, including wetlands and mangroves Mining (Pty) Ltd (BMM) and DAERL 2,000 Ha National Biodiversity Institute (SANBI) and the Millennium (Agriculture, Environmental Affairs, of Azonal vegetation types Transform Conservation of endangered fauna Rural Development and Land Seed Bank Programme (MSBP), which assist in training the Reform).
Currently, four properties a network of 16 surveillance Livelihood improvement and engagement with local community have been declared as the Gamsberg cameras with license plate Nature Reserve (GBNR), with a fifth Public awareness campaigns to build eco sensitivity recognition linked to national in process, covering 27,549 Ha and crime databases.
One of the key criteria 12,900 Ha and has completed Based Targets were planted mechanisms that can help to extends the risk screening process to proposed in the assessment includes our Second Independent Audit minimize impact.
This provides direction on how evaluation includes supply of raw materials in addition to the requirement for and monitoring can be done across the Mountain Mine complex (Black Mountain may be caused by the mining activities; like coal, alumina to our processing partners in the supply chain to have Vedanta has undertaken various project life cycle, in conformance with & Gamsberg) is situated within the to improve the long-term protection operations.
biodiversity hotspots in the world and associated habitats; and to ensure that the operations includes loss, degradation, forest clearance, wildlife clearance as only Indian company which has been the only arid hotspot.
selected, among an initial group of 17 Risk management measures outlined more than 6,350 vascular plant species to procurement of material from Critical global companies for their readiness in the BMP are commensurate with In alignment with World Economic in the Succulent Karroo, nearly 2,440 of Habitats.
The mine also Based Targets for nature as a part of the Biodiversity Risk Screening to help achieve our goal of planting occurs within the Bushmanland Centre the SBTN initial target validation pilot.
SBTN for validation to ensure that they We create customized protocols for plant growth is 10 times faster and the to the indicators identified in the outputs, according to the action Initial EIA specialist studies identified the are robust, accurate and credible.
H types, be targeted to meet biodiversity HZL has also invested 2.5 million to and procedures, as we seek to conservation goals.
practices and are constantly informed ensure an equivalent or better biodiversity ~2 million by our No Net Loss vision, ensuring Vedanta Zinc International has started outcome to the sites where biodiversity that the bigger goal of neutralizing trees since FY 2021 the implementation of a biodiversity values may be lost due to impacts that net impact on biodiversity over the offset agreement with the Northern Cape longer term, remains consistent.
In adherence with the principle of minimization, our attempt is to produce less waste by volume and to also reduce its toxicity.
Our Waste Categories: Our Waste management Impact on Vedanta: with established industry, practice, principles founded on Mining activities like extraction and Hazardous waste Minimizes waste disposal governmental and environmental structural integrity of storage structures generating less waste: processing generate high volumes costs guidelines to ensure that harmful like tailings dams is not maintained All Non-hazardous waste of waste that has the potential to Reduce waste at source effects are minimized and mishaps this highlights the multidimensional Minimize raw material contaminate soil and water bodies if High-volume low toxicity do not occur.
Initiatives at Business Unit Level in both pyrometallurgy and WASTE hydrometallurgy, aiming to FROM TO HZL’s Research & Development elevate zinc and lead yields WEALTH (R&D) capabilities are pivotal in through proprietary in-house advancing its Circular Economy developments.
These technologies objectives, notably through the are pivotal in converting waste Zero legacy waste by 2035 creation of innovative flotation into valuable resources, thereby reagents that enhance mineral We have achieved 107% utilization not only propelling the Company’s recovery and minimize impurities.
of fly ash(HVLT waste) by re-using in operational efficiency but also Additionally, their commitment cement plants, brick manufacturing empowering local entrepreneurs to environmental stewardship and earth filling and communities.
is demonstrated by numerous Our Waste to Wealth philosophy is waste recycling initiatives aimed at Fumer plants have been founded on minimizing waste to landfill diminishing our ecological footprint established at Dariba Smelting and integrating greater circularity into and reclaiming valuable resources Complex/Chanderiya Lead-Zinc our production processes.
metal recovery from secondary jarosite generation and produce During FY 2024, we have invested materials.
The Company’s inert slag that can be utilised by H over 121 million in innovation and commitment to sustainable cement plants.
R&D to minimize our waste generation innovation has been further quantities and consequently reduce validated with the acquisition of disposal volumes.
Additionally, other non- Putting into practice our “Zero Harm” to landfill, we aim to utilize all non- hazardous wastes are either recycled, philosophy that aims at nullifying hazardous waste.
impact on every part of our external wastes include High-Volume-Low- VAL - Lanjigarh: Collaboration with 0.25 million tons The Lanjigarh refinery, has utilized around of fly ash environment, we ensure meticulous Toxicity (HVLT) wastes such as: As a part of the certification process, brick-making industry in local brick industries in FY24.
With easy availability of raw materials, local management of our highly diverse verification is done by CII, under Fly-ash: brick industries associated with VAL-Lanjigarh have increased from 88 to waste streams.
The Tailings Community of variety of elements like heavy metals, operation, emergency preparedness both for labourers and for surrounding The factors that influence such Practice ensures that critical action cyanide and chemical-processing and closure of TSF’s.
At Vedanta, we remain fully cognizant of these grave risks and are deeply committed to implementing a stringent framework for tailings management.
In preparation the company has conducted risk assessments of each of our tailings facilities as well as aligned our Tailings Management Standards with GISTM requirements.
We deploy robust engineering We condcut regular risk assessments for scoping, and design practices to ensure monitoring and inspections, assessing and outlining the that the structures that house and preparation of detailed different kinds of risks and the tailings are strong, secure emergency response plans.
150 151 --- PAGE 78 --- Sustainability Report 2024 FY 2024 Achievements 3 fatalities 40% increase in gender diversity 18% women in STEM roles 8% women in leadership roles 92% of eligible employees underwent periodic medical examinations 100% employees trained on Code of Conduct 2,078,119 hours safety training 2,900 employees under mentoring and support programmes Zero breaches of cybersecurity Inclusivity is recognized as both a Vedanta’s growth is anchored SDGs PILLAR 3 strategic and ethical imperative at in seven foundational Vedanta.
Our strategy Material Issues addressed in this Pillar includes leveraging advanced technology, robust analytics, and Highly Material Issues Material Issues Important Issues industry benchmarking to achieve excellence.
Health, Safety & wellbeing Talent Attraction & Retention - Diversity & Inclusion Learning & Development Business Ethics & Corporate Responsible Advocacy Governance 152 153 --- PAGE 79 --- TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING Sustainability Report 2024 COMMUNITIES THE PLANET THE WORKPLACE Material Topic: AIM 7 Health Safety and Prioritize the Safety and Health of Our Workforce
The Safety Community of Practice oversees the mining industry In our recent materiality assessment At Vedanta, our health and safety the implementation of safety initiatives, aligning with Vedanta’s vision of ‘Transforming for Good.’.
Vedanta’s commitment concluded in FY 2023, nearly 38% of Key hazards faced in the mining industry policy is aligned with ICMM guidelines, to safety is reflected in its ongoing efforts to enhance training, emergency preparedness, and risk management to prevent our stakeholders, including employees, relate to working in confined spaces IFC recommendations and applicable workplace injuries and fatalities.
have identified Health and Safety as at isolated locations, in underground international standards to ensure that one of our top five material issues.
We are also comprehensive health and safety aligned with ICMM guidelines, whereby environment carries great importance.
we not only ensure that our operations proactively have safeguards in place, but The implementation of Aim 7 is led are also environmentally sustainable.
Implementing safety achieve zero fatalities, in FY 2024 Occupational Health and Safety Height the unloading platform, measures such as air-cooled we regrettably saw three fatalities.
Management overreach by truck helmets and air-conditioned To check recurrence, we conducted driver attempting to trucks for workers in these With the aim of creating a zero-harm comprehensive investigations to open truck’s unloading areas has proven crucial for work environment, we promote identify the root cause of each door when performing effective fatigue management a safety-first culture where every accident.
Our safety committees play a platforms leading to fall from a height help maintain optimal body vital role in driving and assessing safety and exposure/burns caused from hot temperatures, thereby performance within our organization.
To ensure that every safety of workers, minimizing the highest levels of safety in their accident is investigated thoroughly, Emergency preparedness is crucial for contractors working in any of Vedanta’s the risk of heat exhaustion respective areas so that they can we have already established a detailed operating locations.
in various safety domains, for all levels leadership team member appointed of our workforce, to ingrain a safe work by the Group Executive Committee.
Leaders who are accountable The findings and conclusions are for organizational safety ensure that then circulated across all Business site in-charges and safety officers Units (BUs) in keeping with our regularly upgrade their skills, thereby ICAM assessment methodology and 156 157 --- PAGE 81 --- TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING Sustainability Report 2024 COMMUNITIES
THE PLANET THE WORKPLACE Incident Cause Analysis Method Safety Performance (ICAM) for Safety Investigations Vedanta’s leadership has undertaken the SMRITI At Vedanta, we are trying to build a highly evolved safety culture that is well-entrenched, dynamic and adaptable.
By revisiting these business partners - to help improve and evolve our safety practices and to learn from past incidents to build a safer future for to progressively improve safety tragic incidents and their underlying causes, the CEO actively initiates all.
Our Incident Cause discussions and sets into motion activities that aim at recalling the Analysis Methodology (ICAM) comes circumstances and causes of these past incidents, how the learnings have into play immediately after a fatality been imbibed, and taking stock of whether progress has been made.
A cross-functional team is Critical Risk Management infrastructure partner training put together after the occurrence of an incident, and this team conducts the ICAM investigation on-site to Critical Risk Management (CRM) takes a risk-based We understand We understand identify the underlying causes and approach based on proven ICMM 9-step methodology.
Based on their findings, initiative aims to identify and evaluate critical risks, as well of ensuring a ensuring a secure recommendations are formulated and as measure, monitor, and report on the effectiveness of secure working working environment communicated across the company control measures.
who are appointed for this task by the Further, design workshops on all 13 risks have already been Group Executive Committee.
The findings and analysis Six hours (avg.) of of causes emerging from these H&S training per investigations are being shared and employee cascaded through an extensive training program, while specific learnings are Safety KPIs are being disseminated horizontally across incorporated into the all BUs.
Sharing of such valuable performance management insights and learnings can prevent future of all employees, incidents while also fostering a culture of incentivizing safe behavior continuous improvement and heightened and proactive risk awareness within the organization.
Enablon supports thorough analysis of incidents, leading to important insights on vulnerable areas at our for easy access and reference.
This data-driven approach supports informed decisions, leading to quick and 0.54 This organization-wide programme day, auto generated emails are sent to effective improvement.
Enablon’s analytical capabilities allows the examination of historical data, helping us to verify our has been initiated to enhance the the safety patrollers, providing them analysis against past trends and further improve our understanding of incidents.
| Process Hazard Analysis (PHA) | Industrial Hygiene 0.83 feature an expert from the field who The Safety Patrollers project is aimed shares knowledge and insights on 0.82 at entrenching safe work behaviours different aspects of maintaining a across all our operations.
As Enablon is integrated across more functions, it will only strengthen our safety performance by helping support safe and secure working environment.
By using this advanced detection creation, enhancement, and technology, Vedanta aims to create a well-fortified safety environment refurbishment.
demonstrating our unwavering commitment to controls are ensured.
A CEO- network, over 80 designated parking Ground, Incidents during Blasting, methods, mine gases vision and 24-hour salient features of ITMS safety measures and sponsored committee with business areas, 47 km of conveyor guarding, Incidents in Shaft & hoisting and Loss and emergency battery backup, these shall include proper appropriate working unit and safety expert representation and the procurement of 2,000 electrical of containment of Molten Material response.
The Coke mapping and monitoring, and preventive actions injury prevention efforts to ensure a culture of safety by garnering are in a continuous process of rolling Khurd mine, two were Oven Team now enjoys maintaining inflow and are implemented based continuous improvement in site safety strong commitment from senior out improvised control designs for from Zawar mines and real-time feeds, ensuring outflow of vehicle traffic, on the findings.
Vedanta spent ~ 1.30 billion to now equipped to tackle underscores ESL’s completely implemented Plant Maintenance, led discussions, empowering both The Vedanta Critical Risk Management improve engineering controls across emergency scenarios in commitment to leverage this system and other Personal Protective employees and business partners to Program has been implemented our operational locations.
of approximately 46,000 verification Complementing our Critical Risk future fatalities and risk-based approach based on ICMM Currently, due diligence activities and the generation of 2,500 Management Program, the Infra-matrix improve overall safety 9-step methodology to identify & has been completed action plans, demonstrating our program identifies critical infrastructure across the Company.
This program ensures Under CRM, we have identified 13 assessments for the remaining suppliers.
A harassment-free Three-tier approach Vedanta has championed equality Promote Gender Parity, Diversity, and Inclusivity workplace for all to sensitization of our of opportunities and diversity and workforce promotes inclusion within our company for we To reinforce our commitment As a sustainability leader we know how important it is to act on our vision, to carefully put together the many elements that firmly believe in its positive impact in greater assimilation towards creating SAFE move the wheels of change.
The training has been given to embodies, we have launched A diversity of perspectives and chain employees and our business a comprehensive sensitization Diversity & experiences and enriches an partner workforce, in addition Inclusion organization leading to improved campaign.
Talent Attraction coming with individual differences in Industry-first Gender reaffirmation ensure its effectiveness, we and Retention thoughts, personality, unique capabilities Leaves and Compensation Policy have collaborated with external experts who specialize in and talent that they bring to work.
an understanding that each individual in decision-making bodies in the unique needs and rights of is unique, and a recognition of our Learning & FTE workforce) transgender individuals affirming our In the first phase, we have individual differences, so that each and Development commitment to equality and non- conducted workshops for every one feels important, respected, discrimination.
In pursuit of creating over 2,000 managers and 300 Gender diversity (% women 12% included and engaged as we assimilate a supportive and inclusive workplace CXOs, equipping them with in technical leader/shop people with differences including but environment, we have introduced the the necessary knowledge and floor roles in FTE workforce) not limited to nationality, geography, Labor Practices Gender Reaffirmation & Leave Policy stimulating the appropriate ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, age, for individuals from the Transgender sensibilities necessary for physical abilities, family status, religious Communities.
While we strongly appreciate Number of members from the support rendered by Vedanta during the diversity in all forms, achieving gender transgender community in the Diversity & gender reaffirmation process.
Therefore, we need to make inclusion and diversity and conduct physical hardships, remote locations significant efforts to improve aspects stakeholder consultations that can and risky work situations.
To provide insight on the real problems workers are disadvantaged, with achieve this, we are designing polci faced across locations, communities several barriers impeding their access efforts to improve aspects related and gender.
To achieve therefore, retain high materiality for our form of disparate pay, judgmental this, mining companies first need to businesses given that a lot of ground hiring, limited parental leave, no design policies that help to implement must be covered.
We have several programmes that are designed to support women professionals development and subsequent progress Business Share in total workforce Share in all management Vedanta aspires to conduct business across the ranks to take on greater responsibilities and assume seniority.
These programmes offer a mix of targeted mentoring, ensures that our practices are in line guidance, and support, wherein a select group of women are aligned with senior leaders or mentors who provide valuable Bahrain 0.10 0.10 with the highest standards of business insights and expertise that helps these women navigate their career paths and overcome challenges. ethics and integrity.
The COBCE is Zimmbawe 0.03 0.03 a comprehensive document that UK 0.03 0.03 Our Initiatives to Elevate support to a select group of women extensive grooming and mentoring covers topics such as: anti-corruption leaders.
These women are aligned with to equip them for future leadership & bribery, insider trading, conflict Others 2.26 2.41 women in the workforce senior leaders or mentors who provide roles, not only within the company’s of interest, prevention of sexual Several initiatives are underway valuable insights, advice, and expertise domestic operations but also in harassment, human rights & equal to facilitate the practice of gender that helps them navigate their career international business units.
We initiative aims to empower women, political activities, gifts, entertainment organization and to help in ensuring provide an overview on some of our elevate their professional status, and & hospitality, charity & sponsorship, and that adequate numbers from Designation Ratio of average Ratio of average Basic leading initiatives in workplace equality contribute to the overall success and prevention of fraud.
Our overall gender diversity company and all vendors/business Management Level Vedanta Group’s leading Women are strengthening our efforts in has increased to 20% from 14.2% in partners dealing with Vedanta or on 0.90 0.96 (Middle Management) Leadership Development Program, promoting gender equality.
Vedanta’s behalf V-Lead underscores the organization’s programmes are designed to Executive Level (Top 0.75 0.81 mentor, train, guide and promote unwavering commitment to promoting 100% groomed for leadership Management) gender diversity, inclusion, and positions our talented women professionals Gender Parity women’s empowerment.
The primary so that they earn their rightful place To ensure that equality and diversity objective of this program is to identify 60% Lead Leaders elevated to within the organization. remains an abiding organizational and nurture aspiring female leaders higher roles priority, we have integrated key Elevating Women in within the group, with a specific focus 25 Senior leaders provide performance indicators (KPIs) into our Workforce on cultivating women to assume mentorship Environmental, Social, and Governance top executive positions, commonly We have implemented programmes (ESG) framework.
Through a meticulous 25% Leaders were rewarded designed to support and develop as benchmarks to drive continuous selection process, 120 exceptional Chairman award for exemplary women professionals to take improvement.
In support of our constant female population of 2387.
These targeted mentoring, guidance, and move towards gender parity and selected individuals have undergone equality, we have introduced a practice for lateral hires whereby 50% of all new Workforce Breakdown: Gender hires should be women.
At Vedanta, we Vedanta provides support for our employees with disabilities so that they feel at ease in the workplace and are at their understand these needs and are committed to making motherhood a smoother experience.
Premises/ guided by Vedanta’s core value of Care, and we strive to create a supportive and inclusive workplace that accommodates the offices accessed by people with disabilities (PwDs) are equipped with enabling infrastructure like ramps, walkways, braille- various stages of our employees’ lives.
We offer flexible working hours to support new parents, recognizing the time and space enabled elevators, text-to-speech software, washrooms with special facilities as per the requirements of Rights of Persons they need to adjust to their new roles.
To ensure that all our Paid parental leaves to Vedanta Aluminium’s operations in a diverse array of roles, ranging from commercial, human resources, and support to new mothers in making eligible employees get to utilize the decisions related to their career and convenience of the onsite child care Vedanta provides paid parental asset security to housekeeping, storekeeping and carpentry.
Additionally, keeping in The company facilitates this inclusion through a five-pronged strategy: (i) identifying potential individuals for hiring and HZL have launched empathetic ESL and HZL provide onsite breast- mind the needs of those mothers (ii) comprehensive skill-focused training by experts (iii) fostering an enabling environment via sensitisation sessions programmes for new mothers, feeding/ lactation facilities in the who go in for adoption we also for employees (iv) enabling policies and processes, and (v) infrastructure enhancements that account for different empowering them to handle their childcare centres where women can provide 12 weeks of adoption abilities and ensure equitable approaches to mitigating restrictions.
These freely breast feed their newborn in leave to female employees who dedicated Human Resources Business Partners to support the professionals in availing of relevant government initiatives are diverse in nature, and a private, comfortable, and hygienic have adopted a child.
Strategy, planning and social elements into organizational regulations, industry frameworks, Additionally, we track developments Integrity and and performance decision-making, Vedanta monitors investor bodies, and peer companies.
in employee performance-linked Transparency global changes in corporate governance, Practices that support our ESG agenda compensation related to ESG aspects.
Some of our businesses Employees on the GHG transition have begun engaging with value chain our tier-1 suppliers on their Compliance v ernan c o e Business Ethics climate goals and G F Risk Reporting e r Management & Corporate a t m
Further, our frameworks gaining their trust and support.
We adhere strongly to our are regularly assessed for legal and Risk Management & Governance Framework VEDANTA LIMITED Board Commmittees Vedanta’s Corporate Governance Framework encompasses the aspects of Risk Compliance Management Stakeholders and Reporting Statutory Board Committees Audit & Risk Nomination & Corporate Social Stakeholders Relationship Management Committee Remuneration Committee Responsibility Committee Committee Special Committees Strategy, planning Governance ESG Integrity and ESG Share & Debenture Committee of and performance Transparency Commitee Transfer Commitee Directors Corporate Governance is executed through the Board, and its four statutory committees.
The company is taking several steps to ensure Urbanisation and Our company requires large that the impact of this risk is minimized.
Reduce: Measures to decrease the amount in natural resources like plant stoppages and increase of natural resources consumed water availability in the costs as we seek to find areas that we operate.
Replenish: Where possible, the company is developing plans to replenish the stocks of natural resources through steps like water- shed development, and land reclamation Collectively these measures have the potential to ensure a continued supply of natural resources, even during occasions of emerging scarcity.
We have established an information Vedanta establishes that business Framework (Through Statutory Auditor) Vedanta diligently tracks and monitors Safeguarding information systems and security policy and data governance Performance Evaluation decisions are made objectively and all security incidents, ensuring they are data has thus become a paramount policy, covering aspects such as These vulnerability assessments, with the organization’s best interests And Reporting thoroughly investigated, and actions are concern for Vedanta.
Management System (IMS) in of interest with other employees, continuous efforts, the Company personnel are evaluated against these (SIEM) system by employees and alignment with the standards set forth reporting any potential conflicts of goals, thereby assuring accountability as end users are evaluated by the BU’s by ISO 27001:2002, ISO 27701:2019, interest, and abstaining from unfair well as, congruence with the company’s CISO and further reviewed by the BU’s I Policies related to data security and privacy ISO 22301:2019, and ISO 31000:2018. or anti-competitive trade practices.
Business continuity management policies new joiners at Vedanta are required are reported and discussed in various The costs associated with investigating Vedanta also has a well-defined to attend mandatory cybersecurity forums, including the BU’s Executive and remediating a breach, potential Incident response and emergency preparedness plan Incident Management & Data Breach training to ensure their awareness and Committee (EXCO), Vedanta Group’s legal liabilities, regulatory fines, and the Policy that is communicated to all understanding of security protocols.
II Vulnerability Assessment 100% of our employees are trained on Audit & Risk Committee, and Vedanta’s can significantly impact the Company’s Incident reporting is generated cybersecurity.
Our HR priorities are driven by four levers FICCI UN Women’s Empowerment IISc Bengaluru Learnet Paralympic Principles Skills limited Committee of 4 india To learn and To have an enriched ASSOCHAM IUCN-Leaders for Nature BITS Pilani BAIF Development GT grow quality of life Research Healthcare Trust Foundation Freedom Indian Steel Association British Safety Council IIM Raipur Sehgal Foundation CHETNA Foundation To innovate and To be recognised maximise potential and rewarded Federation of
This Vedanta to achieve long-term strategic collaboration strengthens our talent business objectives.
We at Vedanta acquisition and development strategies, ensure that people are the heart of the contributing to a more engaged and company, significantly contributing high-performing workforce.
These multi-dimensional ensures optimal utilization of both programs identify and provide direct and indirect human resources opportunities for high-potential across the organization.
Initiatives around training and Growing Together strengthening our talent management retention of key talent is paramount A strong network is instrumental development: system by conducting thorough skill for us, and we prioritize this through in providing employees with clarity At Vedanta, we are committed gap analyses to identify current gaps.
A structured We prioritize meeting the learning Measuring employee performance: the Chairman, aims to identify high- and shape our tailored learning and experience, using internal scoring selection process, using a rigorous 3P needs of our employees at their At Vedanta, we implement a robust potential leaders by granting them the development programs aimed at parameters to rank each employee’s assessment framework (Performance, point of need, providing on-the-job framework for evaluating employee autonomy to pursue roles and projects closing knowledge and capability likelihood of leaving the organization.
We strive to ignite as Outlook and Teams, we provide enable us to analyze performance gaps only nurtures talent but also cultivates Reaction, Learning, Behavior, and align with their aspirations.
We achieve this Job rotation adherence: We are foster employee connectivity and management experts from Deloitte goals.
leaders are women, and 60% come through agile people development committed to offering our internal interaction.
Our “V-Desire” initiative option to explore new roles, business enables us to align the right individuals across various workforce dimensions, of top leadership.
This units, functions, and locations, ensuring with suitable roles and responsibilities, we ensure our talent pipeline is well- innovative program allows passionate Business impact they can expand their skills and prepared to meet the evolving needs of At Vedanta, we recognize talent as and driven individuals to propose and experiences within the organization.
Participants are empowered and given Our approach to human resources 35,101 has increased by 25% over the same full exposure to execute their ideas.
Through structured 27.64 million manpower planning processes, we ensure optimal utilization of human Expenditure on training and resources, both direct and indirect, development of employees in throughout the organization.
In our pursuit of global productivity benchmarks, we collaborate with Attrition Rate reputable third parties to achieve our talent management and employee 8.9% 10.8% productivity goals.
Well-Being & aimed at equipping all employees and business partners with essential Engagement knowledge and skills to prevent cardiac arrest and promote heart health led by leading healthcare professionals and experts in cardiology.
We demonstrate Several Business 10-day football tournament, hosted knowledge, debunked myths, and embraced a supportive environment.
Therefore, commitment to our dedication to Units collaborate with by Hindustan Zinc in association
support programs that address is evident through through our group- providing employees Sangh, witnessed magnificent By fostering a culture of openness and education, we are not only enhancing physical, mental, and emotional health.
our Corporate Social wide recognition of with rejuvenating performances from 12 teams individual health and confidence but also nurturing a more supportive and Responsibility World Mental Health yoga sessions that that participated from across understanding workplace environment.
year ‘ s tournament witnessed engagement, reduce turnover rates, initiative empowers an overwhelming participation and ultimately boost productivity.
employees to express of more than 25,000 spectators, By investing in employee well-being, gratitude towards demonstrating the enduring Vedanta demonstrates its commitment individuals who have popularity of the MKM Football to creating a work environment where positively influenced Tournament within #ZincCity employees feel valued, supported, and their lives.
In line with this year’s global theme, “Yoga for Self runners, Vedanta successfully and Society,” the sessions emphasized the significance of both physical and pledged 5 million meals towards mental well-being.
For instance, started with an inspiring video employees’ competencies, aligning beyond maternity benefits the “Star of the Business” program on effective mentorship, with both current needs and future extending for single parents and identifies high-potential employees followed by a successful Tower business demands through robust LGBTQIA+ employees.
company swiftly adapted its workplace aimed at retaining talent.
Gold fosters personal and dual approach ensures that Vedanta strategies to prioritize the well-being professional growth through not only attracts top talent but also Among Vedanta’s Group-Wide Talent of our workforce.
across Business Units and potential services for all female employees However, we remain committed advancement to CXO positions across the Delhi-NCR region.
that encompass a wide range of This approach ensures that we health assessments.
Our company sponsors multi- course meals at our facilities, thoughtfully crafted to Please provide image accommodate diverse dietary preferences and ensure balanced nutrition.
Our roadmap includes specific targets for 2025 and 2030, as outlined below.
Business Partner Engagement to Business Partner Engagement to build strong foundations enable Vedanta to achieve its goals Business ethics & Corporate Climate change and BY BY Governance decarbonisation Material 2025 2030 Sustainable and inclusive supply Risk Management and Controls topics chain Human Rights and Labour Practices Increase hiring from local regions and Expect business partners to have neighbouring communities Net Zero commitments Ensure that our business partners have a GHG Decarbonize 100% of the vehicle Impact on environment and society: Impact to Vedanta: Supply chain reduction plan fleet plying at Vedanta’s premises.
Engagement with the supply chain is disruptions can adversely affect business Support business partners in creating and 20% women in the labour crucial for monitoring and managing continuity, as well as long-term growth executing a water-positivity plan workforce Impact Scope 3 emissions, as well as and profitabilitydisruptions can impact on Enforce zero tolerance for unsafe work practices ensuring the protection of human business continuity and long-term growth rights across the value chain & profitability Governance
Supplier categorisation Strategy & management approach Vedanta's ABC Framework categorizes 4,079 Vedanta’s Technical Standard for Vedanta ensures the resilience and ensuring that their actions align with Business Partners as critical based on an Number of Tier -1 Supplier and Contractor Management, integrity of its upstream supply chain our commitment to sustainability evaluation of five key factors: business partners which is aligned with IFC performance by ensuring that its business partners and environmental protection.
This proactive strategy This multi-faceted approach ensures The Supplier Sustainability collaborating with key tier 1 partners enables us to effectively manage risks that Vedanta accurately identifies and Management Policy enables us to 2,569 to achieve long-term sustainability while seizing opportunities to create prioritizes critical partners who meet these support our business partners and objectives.
To ensure responsible sourcing, particularly in conflict-affected and high-risk areas (CAHRA), Vedanta implements robust internal management practices for conducting due diligence.
C) DUE-DILIGENCE & MONITORING In cases where red flags are detected, enhanced due diligence measures are undertaken to thoroughly investigate the presence of risks, including serious human rights abuses, security force-related risks, support to non-state armed groups, money laundering, tax evasion, bribery, and fraudulent misrepresentation of material origins.
192 193 --- PAGE 99 --- TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING Sustainability Report 2024 COMMUNITIES THE PLANET THE WORKPLACE CAPACITY BUILDING HZL’S Initiatives for Responsible Sourcing Initiatives Impact In line with our commitment, during the year we focussed our efforts on engaging with our business partners on two themes: Business Partner Due Effective due diligence and risk management practices, essential for mitigation of CAHRA- Diligence related supply chain risks and promoting responsible sourcing practices.
Supplier Information Training and support for business via online portal on website, offering extensive Portal guidance to new & existing suppliers, with informative resources, training modules, Regulatory Compliance: Targeted training and awareness sessions on embedding sustainability principles, ESG target Code of Conduct, ESG expectations, and instructions for various processes including setting, ESG expectations/requirements from the suppliers, decarbonization aspirations, were conducted throughout the auctions, invoice creation, and supplier profile management.
HZL runs ‘Wednesday for Transition’ series ARIBA ESG SLP ARIBA SLP streamlines procurement, boosting transparency, compliance, and to equip its business partners with critical knowledge on ESG topics, facilitating ESG risk management throughout the value Qualification efficiency through automated supplier management and centralized information chain.
Our Business Partner Information Portal offers extensive guidance to new & existing business partners on Code Transition of Conduct, ESG expectations, and instructions for various processes including auctions, invoice creation, and business partners profile management.
Not Applicable Not Not 2 Oil and Gas Business TCO e 142,325 254,143 344,655 339,470 Applicable Applicable 2 Port Business TCO e 8,318 10,237 7,588 - Category 15- Investments TCO e Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Not 2 2 Power Business TCO e 8,128 1 - 385 Applicable Applicable 2 Steel TCO e 95,963 143,321 249,986 282,237 Total Scope 3 emissions 36,317,963 37,410,586 38,187,551 34,871,362 2 Zinc India TCO e 307,059 497,965 1,135,622 562,939 2 *Scope 3 was recalculated in FY 2023 and we have included Category 12 emissions this year and restated the information for Zinc International TCO e 164,686 235,053 249,700 355,858 2 the same for last two years FACOR TCO e - 10,864 106,915 37,286 2 Total (Vedanta Ltd.)
Topic FY 24 Position Engagement FY 24 Employee undergoing periodic assessment and review 100% Increasing the competitiveness of Indian metals and mining Support Support for various industry 62.7 million industry and products through cost competitiveness, raw initiatives, collaboration and best Employee undergoing multi assessment 2% material security, import substitution and energy logistics practice sharing reduction Employee Well-being Sponsorships for creating awareness towards sustainability, Support Sponsorships are payments 21.5 million ESG, climate change etc made for raising awareness FY21 FY22 FY23 FY24 FY24 Target on Sustainability issues such as climate change, % of employees with top level of 80 83 84 89 90 digitization, waste management, engagement, satisfaction (% of satisfied human rights etc with Trade employees) associations-
Reason No. Reason omitted omitted 2-23 Policy commitments 203-1 Infrastructure investments AIM 9: Align To Global Business Standards AIM 2: Empower 2.5 Million Individuals and services supported of Corporate Governance, Pg. 170-178 With Enhanced Skillsets, Aim 3: Uplift 100 Million Women And Children Via Social Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, Welfare Interventions, Pg.
206 2-24 Embedding policy AIM 9: Align To Global Business Standards 203-2 Significant indirect economic AIM 2: Empower 2.5 Million Individuals commitments of Corporate Governance, Pg. 170-178 impacts With Enhanced Skillsets, Aim 3: Uplift 100 Million Women And Children Via Social Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, Welfare Interventions, Pg. 92-103 Vedanta Policies & Practices, Vedanta 204-1 Proportion of spending on Supply Chain Management, Pg. 88 - 91 Sustainability Framework local suppliers 2-25 Processes to remediate AIM 9: Align To Global Business Standards 205-1 Operations assessed for risks Integrated Annual Report, negative impacts of Corporate Governance, Pg. 170-178 related to corruption Pg.
327 Pg. 239 trust, and monopoly practices 2-28 Membership associations AIM 9: Align To Global Business Standards 207-1 Approach to tax Tax Transparency Report 2024, Pg. 18-20 of Corporate Governance, Pg. 170-178 207-2 Tax governance, control, and Tax Transparency Report 2024, Pg. 18-20, 2-29 Approach to stakeholder Our Stakeholders, Pg. 44-49 risk management 20-25 engagement 207-3 Stakeholder engagement and Tax Transparency Report 2024, Pg. 18-20, 2-30 Collective bargaining Right to Freedom of Association, Pg. 86-87 management of concerns 26-34 agreements related to tax 3-1 Process to determine Materiality, Pg.
108-113 other risks and opportunities 302-1 Energy consumption within due to climate change AIM 4 Lever 1: renewable Energy, the organization 201-3 Defined benefit plan Integrated Annual Report, Pg. 108-113 obligations and other Pg.
196-204 retirement plans 201-4 Financial assistance received We do not receive Vedanta Climate Action Report, Pg. 30 from government Not Applicable any financial 302-2 Energy consumption outside AIM 4 Lever 1: renewable Energy, assistance from of the organization Pg.
Aim 4: Net Zero Carbon by 2050 or sooner, shared resource 2030, GHG emissions Pg. 117 Pg.
196-204 significant air emissions value outside protected areas 11.2.4 Reporting on climate Aim 4: Net Zero Carbon by 2050 or sooner, 304-2 Significant impacts of Biodiversity Management, Pg. 134-143 adaptation, resilience, and Pg. 106 activities, products, and transition services on biodiversity Vedanta Climate Action Report, Pg. 31-52 304-3 Habitats protected or Biodiversity Management, Pg. 134-143 Waste restored 3-3 Management of material AIM 6: Enhance our Business Model by Fact Sheet: Environmental, Pg.
196-204 306-1 Waste generation and AIM 6: Enhance our Business Model by significant waste-related affected by operations Incorporating Innovative Green Practices, impacts Closure & Rehabilitation Pg. 132, 145-149 3-3 Management of material AIM 1: Resettlement and Land Acquisition, 306-2 Management of significant AIM 6: Enhance our Business Model by topics Pg. 77-88 waste-related impacts Incorporating Innovative Green Practices, 11.7.4 Reporting on closure and AIM 1: Resettlement and Land Acquisition, Pg. 132, 145-149 rehabilitation Pg.77-88 Fact Sheet: Environmental, Pg.
Reason No. Reason omitted omitted 306-3 Waste generated 403-3 Occupational health services Aim 7: Prioritize the Safety and Health of AIM 6: Enhance our Business Model by Our Workforce, Pg. 154 -163 Incorporating Innovative Green Practices, Pg. 132, 145-149 Integrated annual report Pg.
344 - 348 306-4 Waste diverted from disposal AIM 6: Enhance our Business Model by Incorporating Innovative Green Practices, Vedanta Safety Standards Pg. 132, 145-149 403-4 Worker participation, Aim 7: Prioritize the Safety and Health of 306-5 Waste directed to disposal consultation, and Our Workforce, Pg.
154 -163 AIM 6: Enhance our Business Model by communication on Incorporating Innovative Green Practices, Integrated annual report Pg.
344 - 348 occupational health and Pg. 132, 145-149 safety Tailings Management Vedanta Safety Standards 3-3 Management of material 403-5 Worker training on Aim 7: Prioritize the Safety and Health of topics occupational health and Our Workforce, Pg. 154 -163 G4-MM3 Total amounts of overburden, Tailings Management, Pg.
192 Fact Sheet: Social, Pg. 205 were screened using 403-6 Promotion of worker health Aim 7: Prioritize the Safety and Health of Fact Sheet: Governance, environmental criteria Our Workforce, Pg. 154 -163 Pg.
344 - 348 impacts in the supply chain Fact Sheet: Governance, and actions taken Vedanta Safety Standards Pg. 210 403-7 Prevention and mitigation Aim 7: Prioritize the Safety and Health of Employment of occupational health and Our Workforce, Pg. 154 -163 401-1 New employee hires and AIM 8: Promote Gender Parity, Diversity, safety impacts directly linked employee turnover and Inclusivity, Pg.
343 403-9 Work-related injuries Aim 7: Prioritize the Safety and Health of Labour/Management Relations Our Workforce, Pg. 154
However, this process may be followed on a case-to-case Fact Sheet: Social, Pg. 205 basis 403-10 Work-related ill health Aim 7: Prioritize the Safety and Health of Occupational Health and Safety Our Workforce, Pg.
344 topics Vedanta Safety Standards 404-1 Average hours of training per Fact Sheet: Social, Pg. 207 403-2 Hazard identification, risk Aim 7: Prioritize the Safety and Health of year per employee assessment, and incident Our Workforce, Pg. 154 -163 404-2 Programs for upgrading From Learning to Leading: Growing investigation employee skills and transition Together Pg.182
208 413-2 Operations with significant AIM 2: Empower 2.5 Million Individuals receiving regular actual and potential With Enhanced Skillsets, -97 performance and career negative impacts on local development reviews communities Diversity and Equal Opportunity 11.15.4
Reporting on local AIM 2: Empower 2.5 Million Individuals 3-3 Management of material Aim 8: Promote gender parity, diversity and communities With Enhanced Skillsets, -97 topics inclusivity, Pg.
77- 405-1 Diversity of governance Aim 8: Promote gender parity, diversity and resource rights 80 bodies and employees inclusivity, Pg.
204 Local Communities 3-3 Management of material AIM 2: Empower 2.5 Million Individuals topics With Enhanced Skillsets, -97 413-1 Operations with local AIM 2: Empower 2.5 Million Individuals community engagement, With Enhanced Skillsets, -97 impact assessments, and development programs 218 219 --- PAGE 112 --- Sustainability Report 2024 UNGC Index Appendix 1: Abbreviations Principle Parameter Section Page Number Acronyms Full Forms Human Rights AI Artificial Intelligence Principle 1 Businesses should support and respect the Human Rights, Human Rights Policy 83 ARD Acid Rock Drainage protection of internationally proclaimed human BALCO Bharat Aluminium Company Limited rights BITS Birla Institute of Technology and Science Principle 2 Make sure that they are not complicit in human Human Rights Policy and Human Rights due 83 and 84 BMP Biodiversity Management Plan rights abuses diligence process BU Labour Business Unit CAPEX Principle 3 Businesses should uphold the freedom of Right to freedom of association and 86 Capital Expenditure association and the effective recognition of the collective bargaining CCUS Carbon Capture, Utilisation and Storage right to collective bargaining;
The elimination of all forms of forced and Human Rights 83 CEDRA Commission for the Economic Development of Rural Areas compulsory labour; CEO Chief Executive Officer Principle 5 The effective abolition of child labour; and Human Rights 83 cu.m Cubic Metre Principle 6 The elimination of discrimination in respect of Human Rights, Aim 8: Promote gender 83 and 164 CII Confederation of Indian Industry employment and occupation.
parity, diversity and inclusivity CIO Chief Information Officer Environment CISO Principle 7 Businesses should support a precautionary Transforming the Planet 102 - 103 Chief Information Security Officer COBCE approach to environmental challenges; Code of Business Conduct & Ethics Principle 8 Undertake initiatives to promote greater Transforming the Planet 102 - 151 CoP Communities of Practice environmental responsibility; and CXO Chief Experience Officer Princple 9 Encourage the development and diffusion of Transforming the Planet, Factsheet: 102-151, 196-204 CRM Critical Risk Management environmentally friendly technologies.
Hectare HR Human Resources HSE Health, Safety, and Environment HVLT High-volume low toxicity HZL Hindustan Zinc Limited ICAM Incident Cause Analysis Methodology ICCs Internal Complaint Committees ICMM International Council on Mining and Metals
Enquired to corroborate with the relevant management personnel to understand the progress Given the circumstances of the engagement, in performing the procedures listed above, we: against the Sustainability commitments. •
Assam operations Site 403-7 directly linked by business relationships Workers covered by an occupational health and safety management Subsidiary of the 2 Hindustan Zinc Limited (HZL) 403-8 Company system Rampura Agucha Mine (RAM) Site 403-9 Work-related injuries Zawar Mines (ZM) Site 403-10 Work-related ill health Rajpura Dariba Mine (RDM) Site 404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee Sindesar Khurd Mine (SKM) Site Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance Dariba Smelter Complex (DSC) Site 404-2 programs Chanderia Lead- Zinc Smelters (CLZS)