Our pledge to eradicating any racism innovation, Boeing has looked for ways to journey through stories and data that convey and discrimination across our ecosystem is improve sustainability.
Given the intrinsic nature of air and space that safeguards our environment, does not People: As a leader in the aerospace industry, travel, every product we build and service we compromise quality of life, and ensures we have multiple responsibilities with respect provide inevitably affects Earth’s atmosphere.
to ensure that we significantly reduce our connect and explore the world and beyond.”
In 2019 — a year before the pandemic — environmental impact during every stage This starts with our commitment to protect.
our commitment to making certain our service members understand that absolutely In parallel, the U.S. military and our allied commercial airplanes will be certified to nothing is more important to us than doing nations depend on Boeing products to let safely fly on 100% sustainable aviation everything possible to keep them safe and them safely complete their missions.
2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT INTRODUCTION 3 --- PAGE 5 --- Contents Introduction Approach & Governance People Products & Services Operations Communities Appendix Boeing Responds to COVID-19 Boeing has taken proactive steps to protect our employees, aid our communities and support our customers through the COVID-19 pandemic.
Pictured here in Mesa, Arizona, is Jared Tompkinson, are essential unwavering focus on safety, quality – Provided our facility space to help who said, “Working on something so directly meaningful to and integrity – Increased cleaning of high-touch areas, support local vaccine distribution at sites society in general brings a unique kind of satisfaction.”
deep cleaning of impacted sites and including Everett and Auburn, Washington, – Met the evolving services needs of maintaining rigorous criteria for return and North Charleston, South Carolina commercial and government customers, to work including remote inspections and mainte- – Committed $10 million in emergency nance, virtual training and digital solutions assistance to support India’s response to increase operational efficiency to the surge in COVID-19 cases in 2021, funding organizations that provide relief, including medical supplies and emergency health care for communities and families battling COVID-19 Boeing pilots completed 11 airlift missions that safely delivered 4.5 million units of PPE aboard Dreamlifter cargo freighters to health care professionals.
Safe and At the same time, governments around the For more than 100 years, Boeing has been sustainable aerospace is nonnegotiable globe are committing to bold climate change committed to protecting, connecting and to our commercial and defense customers, ambitions and are looking to our industry exploring our world and beyond, and we communities, and current and future to partner with them on a more sustainable continue to do so today, safely and sustainably.
By 2050, we see a world commitment to partner across topics for our business.
passengers a year; support 180 million jobs; all of our priorities through our people, products capabilities and constraints of different support science, technology, engineering and services, operations and communities.
We have made solid progress in areas where we see the biggest potential, including fleet renewal, network operational efficiencies, renewable energy transition, and advanced technology in power systems and platforms.
We recognize that elements of this transition will take time as well as further advances in technology and policy collaborations with governments around the world.
We are excited about the potential for further cooperation across the industry value chain and new partnerships with global stakeholders so we can collectively deliver on our commitment to climate action and sustainable aerospace.
2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT INTRODUCTION 7 --- PAGE 8 --- Contents Introduction Approach & Governance People Products & Services Operations Communities Appendix The journey to net-zero will also require improvements such as natural laminar flow advanced procedures, and we also work with airplane flight using 100% sustainable fuels the use of verified and sustainable carbon that reduces drag to improve environmental airlines, government customers, air navigation as part of our ecoDemonstrator program.
We also global, industry-aligned (IATA, ICAO) offsetting investment.
Airlines have invested more than approaches, navigation equipment upgrades, collaborated with the U.S. Air Force on an program, CORSIA, has been implemented $1 trillion to purchase these new airplanes, fuel optimization services, real-time data in-depth fuel study as part of their efforts to as a bridge to complement the work we’re in many cases to replace older, less-efficient and decision support tools, and more certify the C-17 to use SAF.
We are focused on and investing in both, invested more than $60 billion over the last The aviation industry continues to collaborate It’s an ambitious target but one that is but SAF is in regular use today and offers 10 years in key strategic areas, including on how to operate and fly more efficiently, necessary to advance the long-term the most immediate and largest potential innovative technologies such as carbon which collectively can reduce emissions by sustainability of commercial aviation.
We’re to reduce carbon emissions over the next composite materials, advanced high-bypass- approximately 10%.
Boeing ensures our committed to working with regulators, engine 20 to 30 years across all aviation segments.
ratio engine designs and other aerodynamic aircraft have the latest equipment to support partners and other key stakeholders to ensure Battery-electric energy storage and green our airplanes and eventually our industry can hydrogen have potential but will require fly entirely on sustainable jet fuels.
In 2018, we scale that is not yet supported by these carried out the world’s first commercial alternative energy approaches.
Communities Appendix What future technologies is Boeing To accelerate innovation, we also use a holistic framework unique to aviation that use of renewable energy; however, there’s working on to make the industry our ecoDemonstrator flying test bed increases supply growth and stimulates still much to do.
These digital tools were used that can detect clear air turbulence and Boeing has been partnering across the industry to ensure a level playing field for aircraft on the U.S. Air Force T-7A Red Hawk, which landing gear that lessens noise.
For example, in the United impressive, with a 75% increase in first-time For example, our Transonic Truss-Braced aviation, sustainable aerospace, and States, Boeing is supportive of the recently engineering quality and an 80% reduction Wing (TTBW) concept, provides a 9% how can Boeing help?
Our work in electric aviation and power of SAF and supporting a diverse and systems is advancing in our joint venture What is Boeing doing inside its sustainable feedstock supply.
Increasing Wisk, which is working to develop, test own operations to reduce greenhouse production and supply capacity as well as and certify battery-electric vehicles and gas emissions?
For example, Cora, a two- efficiencies to reduce emissions, we know fuel are key measures that could facilitate passenger eVTOL air taxi that we’re sustainable aerospace starts inside our wider use by airlines.
In 2020 we achieved Boeing has researched hydrogen, green research, development, deployment and net-zero at our manufacturing and worksites hydrogen and fuel cell applications for over distribution of SAF should be a priority.
We are proud of our team aircraft technicians to perform critical maintenance on demonstration programs with hydrogen create stable market demand as the industry and their long-standing commitment to the Royal Australian Air Force’s giant cargo workhorse, fuel cells and combustion engines are the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III, remotely from anywhere continues to innovate and scale.
2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT INTRODUCTION 10 --- PAGE 11 --- Contents Introduction Approach & Governance People Products & Services Operations Communities Appendix Sustainable Aerospace Firsts 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2014 2015 2016 2018 2019 2021 A Boeing-converted Diamond Boeing supports the supersonic The ecoDemonstrator 737-800 Boeing matures its Transonic Boeing commits to DA20 conducts the world’s flight of a U.S. Navy F/A-18 tests regenerative hydrogen Truss-Based Wing concept making an entire first crewed flight using fuel on a 50/50 SAF blend - U.S. fuel cell technology for onboard after its first wind tunnel test family of commercial cells powered by hydrogen Navy photo auxiliary power applications airplanes 100% SAF capable by 2030 A Virgin Atlantic 747 makes Boeing partners with the U.S. Air Boeing supports research to The ecoDemonstrator 777 Freighter the world’s first sustainable Force on an in-depth fuel study help small-scale farmers in South becomes the first commercial airliner The Phantom Eye uncrewed aviation fuel test flight using as part of their efforts to certify the Africa bring their feedstock crops in the world to fly on 100% SAF aircraft flies several flights a commercial aircraft C-17 Globemaster to use SAF to the aviation biofuel market powered by liquid hydrogen The Boeing 787 Dreamliner Boeing is a founding member of the A Boeing uncrewed demonstrator Boeing and ELG Carbon Fibre Ltd. create a becomes the first commercial International Aerospace Environmental flies over 100 flights in Spain first-of-its-kind partnership to recycle excess airplane made largely from Group, developing a standard approach using fuel cells powered by carbon composite fiber generated from lightweight carbon composites, to supply chain environmental issues green hydrogen making 777X wings informing efficient design and innovative solutions for the aerospace industry Boeing breaks ground on the Boeing joint venture Wisk LEED Gold-certified North begins flight-testing the Cora Charleston, South Carolina 787 electric air taxi for urban Final Assembly Facility, creating mobility markets an environmentally responsible approach to construction 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT INTRODUCTION 11 --- PAGE 12 --- Contents Introduction Approach & Governance People Products & Services Operations Communities Appendix APPROACH & GOVERNANCE Boeing understands that sustainability is an integral part of our business now and in the future.
We reinforce this approach with an unwavering commitment to our values.
Our military rotorcraft, human space exploration and a global presence, Global Services company’s core values of safety, quality airplanes fly farther on less fuel, reduce airport programs, satellites, autonomous systems, provides efficient, off-the-shelf and tailored and integrity.
The company also and development, Defense, Space & Security solutions we deliver help solve complex product line and services to meet emerging offers the most-complete family of freighters, is focused on providing the most digitally challenges; improve customer outcomes in customer needs, including developing more- and about 90% of the world’s cargo is carried advanced, simply and efficiently produced life-cycle cost, readiness, safety and reliability; efficient commercial airplanes; designing, on board Boeing planes.
These priorities inform the focus (GRI), Sustainability Accounting Standards leader seeking to protect, connect and explore values, the current state of our business of this report, align to our pillars, and include Board (SASB), Task Force on Climate-related our world and beyond, Boeing has many and global conditions as we set out to define short- and long-term strategic approaches Financial Disclosures (TCFD) and the United diverse global commercial and government our sustainability priorities.
We support the include our communities, customers, current sustainability frameworks to identify stakeholder engagement and mature our goals of the Paris Agreement and consider and future employees, the flying public, and prioritize the most relevant issues.
In the We demonstrate the importance of climate We have defined key sustainability priorities normal course of business, we regularly considerations to the company by aligning Reporting Approach and Alignment and aligned them with responsible and engage these groups to discuss and our governance, strategy, risk management, inclusive business practices to enable To address the diverse interests of our understand their interests.
EMPLOYEE SAFETY & ENVIRONMENTALLY EQUITY, DIVERSITY CLIMATE ACTION WELL-BEING RESPONSIBLE OPERATIONS & INCLUSION Innovation to reduce the environmental Holistic approach to employee safety and Investment and initiatives to reduce the Advancement of equity, diversity and impact of our products, services and overall well-being, including physical, financial environmental impact of operations through inclusion policies to create safe, productive operations to address challenges posed and mental health components at work and sustainable practices including resource and innovative workplace environments in by climate change.
2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT APPROACH & GOVERNANCE 15 --- PAGE 16 --- Contents Introduction Approach & Governance People Products & Services Operations Communities Appendix Sustainability Priorities (continued) PRODUCT & SERVICES COMMUNITY EDUCATION & ECONOMIC SAFETY & QUALITY ENGAGEMENT SKILL DEVELOPMENT PERFORMANCE Implementation of systems that continually Investment in global communities through Investment in our workforce to attract and Driving business performance and responding reinforce and improve the safety and quality employee volunteerism, innovative partner- retain the best-qualified talent, including to stakeholder needs through responsible of product and services.
2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT APPROACH & GOVERNANCE 16 --- PAGE 17 --- Contents Introduction Approach & Governance People Products & Services Operations Communities Appendix Sustainability Goals To reflect our ambition, Boeing has set six 2030 goals to advance sustainable aerospace in alignment with our key sustainability priorities and stakeholder interests.
Boeing enforces a strict non- Annual Commitment to Our Boeing Listens and Takes Action domestic and global reporting hotlines; retaliation policy, reinforced by annual training Values, Code of Conduct Ethics portal; a team of Ethics Advisors; and and recurrent employee communication.
At Boeing, we know that in order to improve the Speak Up website, where employees can Inspired by our values, all Boeing employees we need to be open to new ideas, concerns go to report issues or concerns regarding are guided by the Boeing Code of Conduct.
the company, and each year all employees conversations, we are doing the following: We are improving our ability to analyze available reaffirm their commitment to do their jobs in PROTECTING THOSE WHO SPEAK UP reporting data to identify areas of concern, OFFERING MULTIPLE CHANNELS a fair, ethical and compliant manner.
Additionally, our anonymous themselves — and each other — accountable and candid conversations with managers another accountable to support an reporting rate is lower than other published to following all rules and regulations and to and leaders at every level.
annual training for all employees to recommit to our company values.
requests were 1,864 requests had enough conflict of interest substantiated4 information to – Need to treat co-workers, customers, determinations investigate3 regulators and stakeholders with the utmost respect.
9,831 – Obligation of everyone to speak up when total contacts with Ethics submitted something does not align with our values.
Requests for Guidance are situations where employees are seeking guidance when facing ethical dilemmas where the company can improve, to ensure or when they need assistance in understanding company polices or expected behaviors.
A recent evaluation demonstrated that Boeing’s substantiation rate is slightly higher than other published benchmarks, indicating an effective investigation process and informed reporting by company employees.
We believe that Business International Courtesies Consultants businesses should compete on the basis of Commitments and Actions on quality, price and service and in compliance Human Rights Non-U.S. Non-Sales/ with applicable anti-corruption laws, including Boeing is committed to responsible business Political Teaming the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and Contributions Agreements practices and promoting positive change Anti- equivalent global laws.
In recognition of this commitment, Equity Investments Anti-Kickback the company has developed policies and & Joint Ventures To ensure compliance, Boeing has a robust practices designed to enforce our Code anti-corruption program that includes Grants, Employment of Basic Working Conditions and Human Donations of Government extensive controls, rigorous policies and Sponsorships, Officials & Their Rights.
We expect similar commitments p t e o n r o h e c a n e n s
Boeing also ensures that employees governed by detailed policies and procedures to demonstrate the company’s zero tolerance for corruption.
2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT APPROACH & GOVERNANCE 20 --- PAGE 22 --- Contents Introduction Approach & Governance People Products & Services Operations Communities Appendix Compliance Risk Management – All employees, from senior leaders to Tax Governance and Compliance Board and Enterprise new workers, receive annual training on Aligned with company values, we are Risk Visibility compliance risk areas tailored to their committed to being a responsible taxpayer specific work, including U.S. Department – The Compliance Risk Management Board in every jurisdiction where we operate.
The CRMB also regularly practices, tax guidance that follows business company’s risk profile, including: pressure-tests the risk mitigation measures substance, and our obligation to protect the to ensure the strongest compliance – Economic and workplace disruptions interests of the company and its shareholders.
– Results of the compliance risk management part of our commitment for responsible assessment are incorporated into Enterprise – Organizational and structural challenges.
five unique programs: Business Preparedness, Carol Hibbard, Senior Vice President and Controller Emergency Preparedness, Information – The Chief Compliance Officer, with Technology Preparedness, Supply Chain involvement from other senior executives, Preparedness and Human Resource reports at least annually to the Audit Preparedness, all of which come together Committee on Boeing’s compliance with to help Boeing recover from an emergency risk management processes as well as or disaster.
We commit to advancing a collaborative, inclusive and globally diverse culture that creates unique careers in aerospace.
United by a common goal to protect, connect and explore, our team is working every day to develop, build and service world-class aerospace products while supporting our customers.
Sustainability Goals EMPLOYEE SAFETY AND WELL-BEING U.N. SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT GOALS Value human life and well-being above all else and take action accordingly; we strive to prevent all workplace injuries EQUITY, DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION Address representation gaps and strengthen equity, diversity and inclusion so that all team members feel supported and inspired to reach their full potential Richa Gupta, Project Management Specialist, Corporate Compliance 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT PEOPLE 23 --- PAGE 24 ---
We are committed to measuring progress using industry standard keeping our employees safe by fostering a approaches, Boeing’s internal compliance 24:1 positive safety culture, cultivating safe work requirements often exceed those set by environments and strengthening our safety government regulations.
Through The Safety Guiding Principles provide a valuing human life and well-being above all framework to achieve the goal of zero else and taking action accordingly, Boeing 98% workplace injuries so every person who works will continue to foster an open culture where at, or visits, a Boeing site leaves as safe and people are empowered and encouraged to healthy as when they arrived.
A majority (ONE BPS) COMMITMENT of our employees began working remotely,
In everything we do and in all aspects of our business, we will ensure while others quickly incorporated new our people, safety and integrity are our top priorities by focusing on the COVID-19 safety practices into their work, One BPS Commitment and always striving for first-time quality.
As of 2020, 49 sites are verified to conform deliver perfect products to our to OHSAS 18001 and are transitioning to customers.
Transparency is the foundation outcomes, as well as safety, quality and of this commitment, and we will share our innovation.
We are committed to the 2025 Global Equity, Diversity necessary and challenging work of building and Inclusion Aspirations an environment in which each teammate Boeing aspires to be the world’s most equitable, diverse and inclusive company.
This vision is bold and will require us to live Boeing employees, left to right: Malika Allen, Taylor Hickman, Tiffany Javid, Trinity Downing our commitments consistently, every day, across all levels.
To address our representation gaps and build a culture of inclusion, we have established a set of aspirations we will strive 2021 Diversity Metrics to achieve by 2025: 1 Increase the Black representation rate in the U.S. by 20%.
2 Minorities Women Veterans “ At Boeing, we know our success Achieve parity in retention rates 31.2%1 22.9%2 14.8% of all groups.
create a culture where all teammates can achieve their full potential, we Asian: 14.2% Black: 6.4% 4 are seeking the perspectives of Advance common understanding, Hispanic: 7.0% More: 3.6%3 shared experiences and mutual respect.
Each group is led by an INVOLVEMENT DEVELOPMENT ALIGNMENT ENGAGEMENT executive champion, one of our CEO’s direct reports, who helps each group succeed.
NINE BUSINESS RESOURCE GROUPS BY THE NUMBERS – Boeing Asian and Pacific Association 12,800 + – Boeing Black Employees Association – Boeing Employees Ability Awareness Employees Engaged Association – Boeing Employees Pride Alliance BAPA BBEA BEAAA BEPA BHEN 152 – Boeing Familia – Boeing Generation to Generation Chapters – Boeing Native American Network – Boeing Veteran Engagement Team 9 – Boeing Women Inspiring Leadership BG2G BNAN BVET BWIL Countries 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT PEOPLE 29 --- PAGE 30 --- Contents Introduction Approach & Governance People Products & Services Operations Communities Appendix Professional Development, Education and Learning Enhancing Boeing’s Talent INSPIRING STEM pay reviews to ensure that our employees are To inspire the next generation of aerospace compensated equitably throughout their Boeing is dedicated to growing and talent, Boeing invests in STEM education careers — independent of race, gender developing a broad pipeline of aerospace programs to equip K-12 students with math or ethnicity.
Generally, the more information about Boeing’s community endeavor — full of opportunities to achieve better the company does, the better the engagement efforts.)
For most of understand that by supporting our team COMPETITIVE BENEFITS our workforce, individual performance is today, we build a successful tomorrow.
degree programs, professional certificates and individual courses in strategic fields of Boeing invested over $17 billion in pay in study from more than 300 accredited colleges 2020 to recognize and reward individual and universities globally.
We foster a diverse, collaborative access to the company’s internal learning and inclusive environment that empowers our curriculum, as well as thousands of learning $17 BILLION INVESTED employees to do their best.
We take action through ongoing As workforce transitions occur, Boeing TO REWARD INDIVIDUAL supports redeployed or departing employees with resources and training for the next step PERFORMANCE in their careers.
The company offers a Boeing invests more than $17 billion annually to compensate and comprehensive total rewards package that includes competitive compensation, health care, reward employees through base pay, incentive opportunities and work-life balance support, career development resources and financial security programs.1 formal recognition programs.
HEALTH CARE AND WELL-BEING Boeing provides comprehensive health care coverage to support both physical and mental well-being, including telehealth and virtual care options.
FINANCIAL SECURITY Boeing provides retirement benefits, financial well-being programs and Shandra Jackson, Industrial Engineer insurance coverage to help employees achieve financial security during and after their career.
Where employees International Association of Machinists 20% Two major agreements, one expiring in are represented by a legally recognized and Aerospace Workers (IAM) July 2022 and one in September 2024 union, we are committed to developing a Society of Professional Engineering 10% Two major agreements expiring in October 2026 productive relationship with our employees’ Employees in Aerospace (SPEEA) representatives and engaging in good-faith negotiations.
We demonstrate an unwavering commitment to safety, quality and integrity and instill best practices in all that we do.
We pledge to remain focused, transparent, vigilant and humble in our work.
Sustainability Goals GLOBAL AEROSPACE SAFETY U.N. SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT GOALS Drive aerospace safety to prevent accidents, injury or loss of life with our Boeing culture and actions rooted in safety INNOVATION AND CLEAN TECHNOLOGY Enable the transition to carbon neutral aerospace through investments and partnerships for fleet efficiency improvements, sustainable aviation fuel and future platform technologies The Boeing ecoDemonstrator program takes promising technologies out of the lab and tests them in the air to make flying safer and more sustainable.
We know that protecting CHANGING WORLD to ensure those who fly on and service our or SMS.
We invest in them by providing lost and where the company fell short in the production, compliance, quality and safety needed resources and training.
This will provide line of sight to Product Quality Planning (APQP) is a Answering Stakeholder lessons learned, we implemented a series risks, incidents and identified hazards so structured approach to product and process of meaningful changes to strengthen our Expectations for Quality we can proactively mitigate issues and design that spans Product Engineering, safety practices and culture and bring lasting continuously improve safety performance.
Boeing and Manufacturing to ensure that quality is Ultimately, the intent of SMS is to bring the employees from each of our businesses work These changes include uniting critical safety designed into the product and controlled right data into the right forums with the right together to drive improvements that will help teams and functions under the leadership of throughout every step — from concept to people to make data-driven, risk-based us build first-time quality into everything we Mike Delaney, our first-ever Chief Aerospace production.
Aligning these groups into a quality products are delivered on time while It is a journey of continuous improvement implementing standard practices aimed at consolidated team helps drive safety across satisfying cost performance targets, by informed by existing data — including helping us all do our work the right way — every aspect of our operations and helps designing quality into the product — even what is publicly available in Boeing’s annual the first time, every time — while solving enable end-to-end accountability throughout before the first prototype is built — instead Statistical Summary of Commercial Jet problems using a structured methodology to the safety ecosystem.
We’re taking an eyes-wide-open approach to how we use that data to continuously learn and improve — always with our sights set on safety.”
Embedding SUSTAINABLE Designing Sustainability Into standard environmental assessment steps PRODUCT within existing engineering processes Our Systems LIFE CYCLE allows sustainability to be evaluated with a As a technology and innovation leader, Boeing methodical and repeatable approach, and Materials/ invests in Design for Environment, a systems Use Feedstocks those impacts are considered not just at the engineering approach to improve the design and manufacturing phase but through environmental performance of our products, the entire life cycle of the product.
The goal of this standard is to conduct a full and thorough approach is to reduce the risks and expenses LCA for any new Boeing Commercial associated with a product’s environmental Airplanes product, and the company has footprint and accelerate environmental Build/Test Parts performed LCAs on numerous projects performance gains at all stages in the product and products, including our most recently life cycle, from raw material extraction to introduced aircraft, the 777X, 737 MAX and manufacturing, through in-service operations 787 Dreamliner.
LCA is the analysis of the considerations in standard design processes, environmental benefits and burdens “ We ensure sustainability is built in during from early technology research and associated with an existing or proposed every step of our products’ life cycles — development to product and production product, process or facility throughout the whether we’re finding solutions to reduce system definition and build.
Our company and our industry recognize that Boeing’s commitment to safer and sustainable aviation fuels, which offer the most immedi- Boeing continues to research and invest in decreasing carbon emissions is an urgent air travel supports aviation’s global climate ate and significant potential to decarbonize electrification technologies to accelerate them challenge of our time, and we are united in strategy — starting with carbon neutral growth commercial and military aviation over the next to market.
our commitment to decarbonize aviation so from 2020 onward and reducing emissions 30 years.
In 2021, Boeing conditions and developments into our with research institutions and the energy Achieving this objective requires a portfolio committed that its commercial airplanes will analysis of the long-term industry drivers, sector, needs to develop the propulsion of solutions and partnerships that allows our be capable of and certified to fly on 100% including climate change related effects, technology, integrated fuel system and industry sector to decarbonize.
supporting infrastructure for production, on four key areas: fleet renewal, network ELECTRIC-POWERED AIRCRAFT storage, handling and delivery of green operational efficiency, renewable energy Electric airplanes offer another opportunity hydrogen.
Boeing Chief Sustainability Officer Chris Raymond to reduce emissions when their batteries are commercial challenges can be overcome to Reduce Fuel Use and Emissions charged with clean and renewable sources.
produce and fly on green hydrogen, those provides more details on our approach on Airlines have invested more than $1 trillion Boeing’s work in this space includes Wisk, an aircraft have the potential to fly without Pages 7–10.
Each airplane also improves upon reliability and maintenance requirements, enabling greater utilization and overall resource productivity.
Boeing data scientists mine data and identify worn components that burn an 6,275 excessive amount of fuel, even when they are not driving a fault message, helping ensure our customers are operating in the most Patents effective manner and with a strong focus Royal Australian Air Force Flight Lieutenant Sam Stephens tests Boeing’s augmented training operations and maintenance on environmental stewardship.
Climate climate-related risks and opportunities Boeing achieved net-zero carbon emissions risks and opportunities inform our strategy, is provided on of this report.
at manufacturing and worksites and as evidenced by our commitments and in business travel in 2020 by expanding To achieve our goals related to the climate and actions in products and operations.
Given conservation and renewable energy use, greenhouse gases (GHG), we actively monitor the strength of our strategy, investments and while securing responsible offsets for the emissions, fuel use and energy efficiency.
We have set short- and long-term targets climate change to be financially material.
It helps us understand how to increase in our annual CDP report.
This organization everything we do, honoring our is well positioned to set strategic goals for commitments one airplane, one greenhouse gas emissions reduction and pilot and one customer at a time.”
2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT OPERATIONS 41 --- PAGE 42 --- Contents Introduction Approach & Governance People Products & Services Operations Communities Appendix Conserving Resources Boeing invests in sustainable operations
Reducing Greenhouse The company’s goal to reduce GHG to drive the highest levels of industrial Boeing embraces circular principles, Gas Emissions emissions 25% by 2025 is intended to performance at our manufacturing sites.
including monitoring waste in every area drive emissions down over time, modeled Boeing strives to reduce operational As we share our goals for 2030, our 2025 of the environment, seeking employee ideas after the Science Based Targets initiative greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, both targets will act as a milestone to guide our on waste reduction, and innovating ways to methodology in effect when the goal was during times of growth and during times actions and progress along the way.
In 2020, efficiency projects of our 2025 goals are absolute targets we can keep potential waste from entering reduced GHG by 5,000 metric tons.
Boeing established 2030 environmental Operations Environmental Goals and Progress1 performance goals by reviewing scientific Performance Area 2025 Goals Versus 2017 Progress Toward 2025 Goals2 2030 Goals recommendations, benchmarking global sustainability leaders, and evaluating our Reduce emissions by 25% Net-zero3 (absolute reduction • Net-zero emissions own progress and potential.
The companywide goals shown are Reduce energy consumption 12% reduction 10% energy-intensity reduction from 2025 converted to site-level goals annually.
In 2020, we continued to invest in the conservation projects that Reduce water withdrawal 23% reduction 5% reduction from 2025 advance our operational environmental goals.
by 20% Water Reduce solid waste to landfill • 44% reduction in solid waste • 30% reduction in waste produced from 2025 by 20% and hazardous waste • 34% reduction in hazardous • Over 90% diversion from landfill or incineration Waste by 5% waste • Zero waste where applicable at major sites • 5% hazardous waste reduction from 2025 1. 2025 goals were set based on data from Core Metric Sites, which represent the majority (70%) of Boeing’s operations.
The targets were established against a 2017 baseline, and the 2025 goals will act as a milestone to guide actions and progress to the 2030 goals.
The net-zero achievement covered Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions for all sites within the company’s operational control as well as Scope 3 – Business Travel.
Approximately 37% of total energy water supports manufacturing, sanitation, and new technologies to reduce water use came from the power grid.
In some cases, Boeing pre-treats targets at our manufacturing sites to preserve practices and uses the International wastewater before discharging it to public this natural resource for the environment and Organization for Standardization (ISO) 14001 “ Conservation behaviors can have a sanitary sewer systems, in compliance with our communities.
It also informs our next-generation environmental strategy and targets.
In addition to setting rigorous water use reduction targets within our facilities, Boeing is also dedicated to keeping community waterways healthy.
Vendors Our reclamation team works to capture and Waste streams are as complex as our through processes that extend useful life provide disposal data, and in the absence collect materials across the company, while facilities, which range from office space to of consumable chemicals to avoid of weight-based data, Boeing calculates our investment recovery team repurposes part fabrication to assembly of aircraft and hazardous waste.
Boeing implements Packaging Team through a number of activities: several recycling and recovery activities Our packaging team assesses opportunities – Manufacturing, production and design to reduce the need for new chemicals.
Our employees also develop processes to reuse and repurpose – On-site facility maintenance activities incoming packing materials, helping to – Employee-generated office waste reduce waste and cost.
The WHC’s certification program is the Boeing maintains a commitment to SPOTLIGHT only voluntary sustainability standard designed regulatory compliance as a fundamental for broad-based biodiversity enhancement Katie Moxley’s team of environmental experts uses innovative element of our environmental policy.
root cause analysis, implementing corrective actions and sharing process improvements WHC-Certified Habitats “T he best solutions are found when our stakeholders as we work to continually improve our work together.
design quality into The digital thread Sufficient capacity is all products and We commit time links our businesses maintained to meet Rewards are balanced services, with a goal and resources and ensures our total demand.
SPOTLIGHT: Partnering With Suppliers on Sustainability Women-Owned Businesses Help Boeing and Global Customers Meet Market Demand Boeing is a founding member of WEConnect that they meet these high standards, Ultimately, it helps Boeing increase its global International, a nonprofit organization that they are connected with multinational supply base in a way that addresses local identifies, educates, registers and certifies corporate buyers.
SPOTLIGHT Diversity: We are committed to a diverse Supply Chain in Australia and inclusive supply chain to promote Embraces Indigenous Partners economic growth across communities.
to inspire, promote and support sustainability Boeing Defence Australia leaders say the throughout our supply chain.
Throughout the significant growth is the result of Boeing’s next year, the company will work to expand growing relationship with iDiC as well as environmental and social standards within our the company’s commitment to working supply chain.
The principles also providing oversight of the company’s supplier $5B + Spent With Small, reflect our ongoing commitment to strong business base.
We annually assess enterprise risks Diverse Suppliers and develop a risk-based audit plan to fundamentals of safety, first-time quality, continuous support achievement of business and improvement, on-time delivery, affordability and ~850 ~600 ~500 compliance objectives.
The company has audits and threat intelligence feeds to ensure and throughout our infrastructure, products mapped its requirements to the Generally the effectiveness of our functions and and services.
Boeing also works to ensure Accepted Privacy Principles, U.S. Privacy proactively allocate our resources.
Build better, more equitable communities through corporate investments, employee engagement programs and advocacy efforts Boeing volunteers in St. Louis shared FUTURE U kits with the supplies students needed to complete STEM experiments while they were homebound during the pandemic.
Contents Introduction Approach & Governance People Products & Services Operations Communities Appendix Community Engagement by the Numbers 267 $4.2M 5M $100M + + grants targeting STEM and donated to COVID-19 relief students reached through in charitable grants to workforce development around the world in 2020 Boeing’s hands-on STEM 590 organizations in programs in 2020 learning program FUTURE U 51 countries — including $14.2 million in support of veterans programs 13,000 $36M $2B $15.6M + active partnerships with contributed to charitable approximately in Boeing contributed to nonprofits community-based causes by Boeing employees community investments supporting racial equity organizations in 2020 over the last 10 years and social justice in 2020 31 $234M “ This year has been a challenging one for businesses + and communities around the world, but Boeing remains committed to supporting the places we unique grants supporting community investments call home.
Even during challenging times, it’s environmental programs in 2020 important that we continue to foster relationships in 2020 in our community and invest in programs that move society forward.
2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT COMMUNITIES 51 --- PAGE 52 --- Contents Introduction Approach & Governance People Products & Services Operations Communities Appendix Purposeful Partnerships Our Future: program FUTURE U and support of Our Heroes:
Tomorrow’s Innovators organizations like FIRST Robotics, Newton Veterans and Their Families Rooms and Soaring with Your Dream, Boeing is committed to supporting students Boeing’s goal is to build better lives for the company had helped introduce millions of all backgrounds in achieving their full transitioning military service members, of students to the wonder of aerospace potential.
In May 2021, Boeing partnerships with community organizations support for those from communities committed $50 million to Virginia Tech to advance racial equity, promote academic typically underrepresented in the military-
In 2020, that will help diversify the global technology for 267 charitable organizations working Boeing invested more than $14 million in industry and bolster the Washington, D.C., to advance STEM and workforce develop- support of veteran transition services and region as a global innovation hub.
In 2019, The Boeing Charitable Trust made a $3 million, three-year investment in Homes Boeing teammates Maria Passaseo (center) and For Our Troops to support build projects Kim O’Rourke (right) present Claudia Bonilla Keller, Second across the United States.
The institute will be a national the nine victims of the 2015 Mother Dynamic Communities $6 million through 78 grants that were hub for teaching and provide programming Emanuel AME Church tragedy in invested to support more than 30,000 aimed at advancing civil discourse in America Charleston, South Carolina.
The company OF RACIAL VIOLENCE commitment to advancing racial equity skills training. has flexibility to respond to local community Boeing’s funding will support the renovation and social justice in society.
Over the last needs and places a special emphasis of the historic Good Samaritan-Waverly five years, Boeing has invested more than on partnerships that advance economic Boeing and Allen University Hospital, which will house the institute once $17 million in organizations to expand access mobility for communities of color, promote Partner to Establish the construction is complete.
The institute will and address inequities for communities of community well-being, and increase Boeing Institute on Civility include the South Carolina African American color across South Carolina.
resources and support to break the cycle Hall of Fame as well as a memorial to honor In 2020, Boeing and Allen University of incarceration.
In 2020, Boeing provided announced a new $1.5 million partnership support for more than 13,000 community to establish the Boeing Institute on Civility at Tiffin Evans, wife of Boeing employee Scott Evans, picks up trash at a community cleanup event in Kinloch, Missouri — The Boeing Institute on Civility at Allen University will become a powerful catalyst for helping to promote thoughtful civil the oldest Black community to be incorporated in the state.
Communities Appendix Always on Call: Supporting Global BOEING STEPS UP With hundreds of flight-hours being recorded Customers’ Pandemic Response As COVID-19 rapidly spread, Boeing’s within a matter of days, Boeing Global people, products and customers stepped Services teams were on call to ensure the – More than 21 million pounds (90,700 up to aid in relief efforts.
Boeing teams delivered worldwide tanker took center stage due, in part, advised customers on how best to optimize – 12 countries supported by missions to the aircrafts’ load capacity, ability to their fleets based on mission requirements – Hundreds of flight-hours achieved accommodate multiple configurations and operate in various climates.
Numerous aircraft configurations were interoperability and alignment between efficiency while maintaining safety and quality Italian nationals exit a KC-767A tanker following adopted to accommodate pallets of supplies, nations’ defense forces.
In the SASB Index and TCFD Index, we have aligned our disclosures with the recommended disclosures and metrics in the SASB Aerospace & Defense Standard and the TCFD framework.
We will continue to evaluate our disclosure approach moving forward to ensure we are providing relevant information in an efficient and effective manner.
2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT APPENDIX 57 --- PAGE 58 --- Contents Introduction Approach & Governance People Products & Services Operations Communities Appendix SR = 2021 Sustainability Report AR = 2020 Annual Report Disclosure Disclosure Title Sustainability Report Section(s) Additional Reference(s)/Link(s) PR = 2021 Proxy Report GRI 102: GENERAL DISCLOSURES (CONTINUED) 102-12 External initiatives U.N. SDGs, Pages 69-70; 2021 Boeing Global Engagement Portfolio Pages 46-48 Awards and Recognition/Memberships and Partnerships, 102-13 Membership of associations Awards and Recognition/Memberships Trade Association Memberships and Partnerships, 102-14 Statement from senior decision-maker CEO Letter, Pages 3-4 102-15 Key impacts, risks and opportunities Sustainability Approach, ; Sustainability Priorities, Pages 15-16 102-16 Values, principles, standards and norms of behavior Ethical and Compliant Business, Our Values Pages 18-20 Ethics and Compliance 102-17 Mechanisms for advice and concerns about ethics Ethical and Compliant Business, Ethical Business Conduct Guidelines Pages 18-20 102-18 Governance structure Sustainability Approach, ; PR Pages 19-22 Governance and Risk Management, Pages 21-22; Aerospace Safety and Quality, 102-20 Executive-level responsibility for economic, environmental Sustainability Approach, and social topics 102-22 Composition of the highest governance body and its PR Pages 8-9, 10-16, 19 committees 102-23 Chair of the highest governance body The Board chair is not an executive officer of the company.
GRI 403: OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY 403-1 Occupational health and safety management system Safety-First Culture, Pages 24-26 403-2 Hazard identification, risk assessment and incident Safety-First Culture, Pages 24-26 investigation 403-5 Worker training on occupational health and safety Safety-First Culture, Pages 24-26 403-6 Promotion of worker health Safety-First Culture, Pages 24-26; Professional Development, Education and Training, Pages 30-31 403-8 Workers covered by an occupational health and safety Safety-First Culture, Pages 24-26 management system 403-9 Work-related injuries Safety-First Culture, GRI 404: TRAINING AND EDUCATION 404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition Professional Development, Education and assistance programs Training, Pages 30-31; Employee and Labor Relations, 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT APPENDIX 63 --- PAGE 64 --- Contents Introduction Approach & Governance People Products & Services Operations Communities Appendix SR = 2021 Sustainability Report AR = 2020 Annual Report Disclosure Disclosure Title Sustainability Report Section(s) Additional Reference(s)/Link(s) PR = 2021 Proxy Report GRI 405: DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY 405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees Global Equity, Diversity and Inclusion, ; PR Pages 8-9, 10-16 Governance and Risk Management, Boeing 2021 Global Equity, Diversity & Inclusion Report GRI 406: NONDISCRIMINATION 406-1 Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken Global Equity, Diversity and Inclusion, Boeing 2021 Global Equity, Diversity & Inclusion Report GRI 407: FREEDOM OF ASSOCIATION AND COLLECTIVE BARGAINING 407-1 Operations and suppliers in which the right to freedom of Employee and Labor Relations, ; AR Form 10-K association and collective bargaining may be at risk Ethical and Compliant Business, GRI 413: LOCAL COMMUNITIES 413-1 Operations with local community engagement, impact Boeing Responds to COVID-19, ; 2021 Boeing Global Engagement Portfolio assessments and development programs (percentage Purposeful Partnerships, Pages 52-53 of operations) GRI 414: SUPPLIER SOCIAL ASSESSMENT 414-1 New suppliers that were screened using social criteria Boeing does not screen suppliers using social criteria.
In order to ensure that the right people are engaged at the right time during an incident investiga- tion, we have identified the internal and external organizations that need to be engaged for each incident type, the reporting protocols including Department of Defense and Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) notification requirements, and the timing and sequence of key incident response activities.
Additionally Boeing works to ensure that our products are designed to anticipate, withstand, recover and adapt to cyberattack.
Governance and Risk Management, CDP climate report1 C2.1, C2.2 related risks are integrated into the organization’s overall risk management Disclose the metrics used by the organization to assess climate-related risks CDP climate report1 C4.2, C9.1 and opportunities in line with its strategy and risk-management process Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2 and, if appropriate, Scope 3 greenhouse Key ESG Data, CDP climate report1 C6.1, C6.3, C6.5 gas (GHG) emissions and the related risks METRICS AND TARGETS Describe the targets used by the organization to manage climate-related risks Addressing Climate Change, ; CDP climate report1 C4.1a, C4.1b, C4.2a, C4.2b and opportunities and performance against targets Conserving Resources, In addition, the commercial aviation industry has ambitious goals for CO2 emissions, including 1.5% annual improvements in fuel efficiency for the global fleet, carbon-neutral growth starting from 2020 and a 50% reduction in CO2 emissions by 2050 compared with 2005 levels.
– Boeing provides 12 weeks off with full pay to mothers and fathers for the birth, adoption or surrogacy of a child or placement of a foster child.1 – During the COVID-19 pandemic, Boeing adjusted its operations and implemented extensive safety precautions to reduce the spread of the COVID-19 virus, helped deliver more than 4.5 million units of personal protective equipment and produced 40,000 3D-printed face shields at 18 Boeing sites.
U.N. Sustainable Development Goals (SDG) Quality Education are a universal call to action to end poverty, protect the planet, and improve the lives and – We support STEM education and seek to inspire the next generation of innovators, contributing nearly prospects of everyone, everywhere.
supports all 17 SDGs and has identified – Through free, online STEM programs around the world such as FUTURE U, FIRST Robotics, Newton eight goals of focus, listed at right and on Rooms and Soar With Your Dream, we have introduced millions of young minds to the wonder of the following page, in which we are committed aerospace and technology.
– We have invested more than $1 billion in our employees’ college tuition, books and fees through our industry-leading Learning Together tuition assistance program and continue to do so.
– Our team is shaping the future of sustainable aviation through research and technology development focused on unlocking the potential of sustainable fuels, improved flight performance and renewable energy applications.
Boeing and our suppliers jointly work together – Boeing is committed to delivering commercial airplanes that are capable and certified to fly on 100% toward the success and sustainability of sustainable aviation fuel by 2030.
Noted here are relevant examples of our alignment with the SDGs.
Reduced Inequalities – Boeing will provide — at a minimum — $25 million to advance racial equity and social justice in our communities by 2023.
– We have been a leader in collaborating across the industry to pioneer sustainable aviation fuels, which reduce CO2 emissions from flying by up to 80% over the fuel’s life cycle.
2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT APPENDIX 70 --- PAGE 71 --- Contents Introduction Approach & Governance People Products & Services Operations Communities Appendix Awards and Recognition / Memberships and Partnerships PEOPLE – Military Times Best for Vets Employers OPERATIONS – American Indian Science and Engineering (No. 7) – U.S. Environmental Protection Agency Society Top 50 Workplace for Indigenous (EPA) Green Power Partnership Fortune – Top 10 Military Friendly® Company (No. 5) STEM Professionals 500 Partner List (No. 19) – Arizona Department of Veterans’ – EPA Energy Star Partner of the Year every PRODUCTS AND SERVICES Services and Arizona Coalition for year since 2010 – Derwent/Clarivate Top 100 Global Military Families — Arizona Veteran Innovators – National Association of Manufacturers Supportive Employer Sustainability Leadership High Achiever – National Aeronautic Association – Career Communications Group Inc.
Award Robert J. Collier Trophy awarded to the Top Supporter of HBCU Engineering U.S. Air Force and Boeing team for the – Pierce Conservation District Brian Abbott Schools (No. 2) X-37B autonomous spaceplane Above and Beyond Award – Dave Thomas Foundation for Adoption Best for Adoption-Friendly Workplace COMMUNITIES (No. 36) – Chief Executives for Corporate Purpose — – DiversityInc Top 50 Company for Diversity ranked in the top quartile for total giving (No. 17 in 2021) – Wildlife Habitat Council Habitat – Disability:iN Best Places to Work for Restoration Award Disability Inclusion (achieved score of 100%) Key Memberships and Partnerships – Aerospace Industries Association of – Corporate Eco Forum – National Association of Manufacturers – Sustainability 50/World 50 America Inc. – Dallas Regional Chamber – Newton Europe – United Service Organization – Aircraft Fleet Recycling Association – General Aviation Manufacturers Association – Out & Equal Workplace Advocates – U.S. Chamber of Commerce – Air Transport Action Group – Great Seattle Chamber of Commerce – Renewable Energy Buyers Alliance – U.S. Council for International Business – Alliance of Western Energy Consumers – International Aerospace Environmental – Responsible Business Alliance – Washington Roundtable – Association of Unmanned Vehicle Systems Group – Roundtable on Sustainable Biomaterials – Wildlife Habitat Council International – International Air Transport Association – Society of Women Engineers – World Economic Forum – Association of Washington Business – International Civil Aviation Organization – St. Louis Regional Chamber of Commerce For a list of community partners, refer to – Brazil-U.S. Business Council – FIRST Robotics Pages 46-48 of the 2021 Boeing Global – Business Roundtable Engagement Portfolio.
2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT APPENDIX 71 --- PAGE 72 --- Contents Introduction Approach & Governance People Products & Services Operations Communities Appendix Key ESG Data ENVIRONMENTAL DATA Energy Megawatt hours Terajoules Water Kilogallons Megaliters Total water withdrawal from water-stressed areas Natural gas 1,716,000 6,178 OFF-SITE WATER SOURCES Jet kerosene 569,000 2,048 Surface water withdrawal 639,167 2,420 0% Fuel oil #2 103,000 371 Combination of surface water 423,353 1,603 22% and groundwater withdrawal Motor gasoline 21,000 76 Groundwater withdrawal 83,596 316 31% Propane 12,000 43 Reclaimed water (not withdrawn) 2,778 11 – Liquefied petroleum gas – – Total water withdrawal 1,148,894 4,350 10% Total nonrenewable fuels 2,421,000 8,716 ON-SITE WATER SOURCES Sustainable aviation fuel 2,000 7 On-site well water use 2,352 9 100% Total renewable fuels 2,000 7 On-site water reclamation 10,508 40 – Purchased nonrenewable electricity 1,686,000 6,070 Boeing does not use seawater.
Percentage of universal waste recycled 62% Quantity of spilled material recovered N/A Total universal waste generated 11 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT APPENDIX 73 --- PAGE 75 --- Contents Introduction Approach & Governance People Products & Services Operations Communities Appendix COMMUNITIES GOVERNANCE Community Engagement Ethics Metrics Community giving $234 million Inquiries 3,181 Total volunteer hours 250,000 hours Conflict of interest determinations 1,864 Number of community partners 13,400 Investigative requests 4,786 Contribution to grants supporting STEM education $50 million Total contacts to Ethics & Business Conduct1 9,831 and workforce development programs Investigative requests with enough information to investigate2 3,561 Grants supporting STEM education and workforce 267 Percentage of investigated requests that were substantiated3 47% development programs 1.
Investigated matters are unsubstantiated by Ethics when the investigation findings do not support a violation Veterans organizations supported 97 of policy or expected behaviors or where there is not sufficient evidence of misconduct.
A recent evaluation demonstrated that Boeing’s substantiation rate is slightly higher than other published Contribution to nonprofits supporting racial equity $15.6 million benchmarks, indicating an effective investigation process and informed reporting by company employees.
Words such as “may,” approvals, lower than planned production “should,” “expects,” “intends,” “projects,” rates and/or delivery rates, and increased “plans,” “believes,” “estimates,” “targets,” considerations to customers and suppliers; “anticipates” and similar expressions economic conditions in the United States generally identify these forward-looking and globally; general market and industry statements.
2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT APPENDIX 76 --- PAGE 77 --- The Boeing Company 100 North Riverside Plaza Chicago, IL 60606-1596 USA THE BOEING FAMILY OF REPORTS We are continually collecting, assessing and making available data about our company and the broader aerospace ecosystem to keep our employees, customers, communities, industry partners, investors and other stakeholders informed and engaged.
Annual Report and Proxy Global Equity, Diversity & Inclusion Community Engagement View our Annual Report and Proxy to find We believe in a culture and workplace where Through purposeful investments, employee additional information about our financial everyone is respected, valued and inspired engagement and thoughtful advocacy efforts, performance and Boeing business to reach their fullest potential.