within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including statements with respect to our goals, “Carter’s” refers to Carter’s, Inc. and its commitments and programs.
more subsidiaries of Carter’s, Inc. Carter’s, Inc. • 2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 3 --- PAGE 4 --- A Message to Our Stakeholders Carter’s has served the needs of multiple reflects one of our core values, which is to generations of families since its founding in invest in people.
We offered on-site vaccinations and providing the best value and experience in increased health benefits.
We also supported young children’s apparel.
Recognizing the benefits of Our innovation in merchandising and marketing diversity in the marketplace, we took steps to strategies enabled Carter’s to achieve a strong increase the number of African American and recovery from the pandemic.
We achieved Hispanic consumers we serve, which is a key record profitability in 2021 driven by our focus of our business in the years ahead.
nearly 16,000 employees who focused on strengthening our product offerings, improving We made good progress on our 10-year the productivity of our stores, and reducing commitment to improve the well-being of the costs, both financial and environmental, of at least 10 million children and families.
Michael D. Casey Carter’s meaningfully outperformed the market We supported programs to empower workers Chairman & Chief Executive Officer averages.
accessible, sustainable products is making our Company stronger and will help us strengthen Our new Little Planet brand’s innovative We advanced our environmental commitment our market leadership position in young products and packaging are driving our by establishing a Science-Based Target to reduce children’s apparel.
We believe our We are piloting environmentally beneficial aligns us with our leading wholesale customers best years are ahead of us.
As part can apply to our other brands to reduce our of this work, we conducted a detailed climate Company’s environmental footprint.
We also have three exclusive Carter’s brands: our Child of Mine brand, which is available at Walmart, our Just One You brand, $115.3M $10.6M 17,000 which is available at Target, and our Simple Joys brand, which is available on Amazon.
In charitable contributions Employee and product donations** Volunteer hours** Our multi-channel global business model, which includes *Corresponds to FY 2021 retail stores, eCommerce, and wholesale sales channels, as well as omni-channel capabilities in the United States For more information on our financial results and tax payments, and Canada, enables us to reach a broad range of consumers which reflect our commitment to supporting our communities, please around the world.
Carter’s, Inc. • 2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 6 --- PAGE 13 --- Our Corporate Social Responsibility Commitments We are making progress to improve our environmental and social impacts The Carter’s family of brands is committed to Based on this assessment and other stakeholder a world where all families with young children, input, our priority CSR focus areas are: including future generations, can grow and • Product quality and safety thrive.
Our multifaceted Raise the Future platform is founded on a promise to better our • Product design and innovation world through our commitments to developing • Employee engagement more sustainable products and processes.
This study helped to identify the • Supply-chain management areas of importance to our Company’s success People and to our stakeholders, including employees, Based on these insights, we have customers, and investors.
developed three strategic pillars that Uplift our workers and communities guide our long-term CSR commitments: People, Product, and Planet.
Product Grow our sustainable offerings Sustainable Development Goals P lanet We support the UN SDGs and focus our efforts on addressing five in particular.
Reduce our environmental footprint Carter’s, Inc. • 2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 13 --- PAGE 14 --- Product Our Goals & Progress Grow our sustainable offerings As we establish our sustainability priorities and programs, we intend to publish Goals 2021 Progress progress updates annually and to revise our goals as needed.
Grow Little Planet to be the U.S. market's • New goal; we will report progress in 2023 leading sustainable children's apparel brand People • Use 100% sustainable cotton • Began purchase of Better Cotton credits and Uplift our workers and communities and polyester fibers by 2030 increased purchase of Global Organic Textile Goals 2021 Progress Standard (GOTS) certified organic cotton •
Increase our African American and Hispanic • Launched and completed marketing test P lanet consumers 10% by 2025 targeting these consumer segments Reduce our environmental footprint •
Increase racial and ethnic diversity at the • Increased diverse SVPs/VPs between 2020 Goals 2021 Progress Vice President and District Manager levels and 2021, from 13% to 23% Climate •
Reduce greenhouse gas emissions by at • Developed and received validation of targets via Community and Supply Chain least 25% by 2030 and develop a science- Science-Based Targets initiative (SBTi): • Improve the well-being of at least • Positively impacted 2 million children based target — Reduce absolute Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG 10 million families by 2030 and families emissions 50% by 2030 from • Achieve Net-Zero emissions in our direct a 2019 base year operations by 2040 • Extend traceability of cotton to our fabric • Completed Phase 1 of initial traceability — 77% of our suppliers by spend covering mills by 2025 road map and established platform for purchased goods and services will have growth science-based targets by 2027 • Improve the well-being of at least 1 million • Supported workplace empowerment Waste workers within our global value chain by 2030 of approximately 80,100 workers in • Divert 80% of waste from landfill by 2025 • New goal; we will report progress in 2023 Bangladesh Water •
Each day our employees help us make a difference and live our values Through the dedication and passion of our diverse team around the world, we are able to deliver on our commitment to consumers to provide high-quality children’s apparel and accessories at affordable prices.
We believe that by providing training, development, and a supportive and respectful workplace, we support our employees in serving the needs of all families with young children.
Goals 2021 Progress The success of the Company is built on our As the world adjusts to life in the era of • Increase our African American and • Launched and completed marketing test people, so maintaining a positive culture COVID-19, our workplace has embraced a hybrid is extremely important.
Maintaining high model for those roles where it is possible, Hispanic consumers 10% by 2025 targeting these consumer segments engagement and retention among our reducing the number of days employees are • Increase racial and ethnic diversity at the • Increased diverse SVPs/VPs between employees is a fundamental priority.
We • Improve the well-being of at least 10 million • Positively impacted 2 million children improvement, we conducted a global employee believe the hybrid workplace is here to stay, and families by 2030 and families survey in 2022, the results of which will inform we are adapting our technology and training action planning.
i g h t uphold our commitment to diverse slates and
As the We work with our business partners as we aim to talent marketplace has grown increasingly ensure employees feel valued and empowered competitive, we have updated our recruitment Rachel (Wakefield) and see opportunities for growth.
and we saw our distribution centers meet their students with Internship and Executive One such investment that has helped us hiring targets.
So it is truly accelerate our recruitment is a natural language talent acquisition infrastructure for recruiting rewarding to see their careers bloom as they processing-enabled chatbot nicknamed “Alicia” and reduced our use of external agencies enter the organization as interns, become EDP that helps candidates learn about our Company, because we believe that our employees are our participants, and continue on to full-time roles.
— Naysia Brunson, Equipment Operator, Braselton Carter’s, Inc. • 2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 19 --- PAGE 20 --- Creating Opportunities Continuous Improvement Each year, we create a training plan informed for Career Development by employee input, including the topics most and Growth frequently searched in Carter’s University, our internal learning platform.
We provide employees with meaningful growth opportunities through onboarding programs, We strive to ensure that all employees have continuing education, and mentoring programs.
access to some form of training, including: We also offer a tuition assistance program that supports eligible employees in continuing • Mentoring program their education.
• College program • Managerial and leadership development Along the way, our managers are expected programs for corporate and retail employees to set clear objectives and expectations and provide feedback to help employees achieve • Data, analytics, and technology instruction their goals through individual development plans.
as key members of their team, network with Development Program aims The Retail Stores Executive Development The continued support of my personal and senior business leaders, and receive specialized to grow our front-line leaders Program is a formal 6-month development professional development, the Company professional development.
We uphold our labor standards through a Tier 1 suppliers must achieve a minimum We have developed a Tier 1 supplier training rigorous supplier monitoring process that score, which is set by Carter’s based on the program that provides specific guidance We intend to source only from suppliers that includes unannounced visits, verification type of product being produced.
We screen 100% signed corrective action plan to remediate In 2021, we achieved our annual audit plan and performance of our new Tier 1 suppliers on our standards.
If the supplier We regularly audit our Tier 1 suppliers to verify fails to demonstrate improvement and target by completing our desired number of audits and having at compliance with our policies, as well as to meet our requirements in the corrective least 90% of suppliers achieve a passing rating.
improve working conditions and labor practices action plan, we may choose to terminate in factories.
i g h t Application — Our Rights Supporting Human Rights We believe multi-stakeholder dialogue
and We have partnered with GIZ FABRIC and Through Partnership collaboration often represent the most launched a digital application to improve the productive and effective approach to address knowledge of garment workers on their rights complex industry-wide issues that cannot be and obligations under the Cambodian labor Rashedul Hasan solved by any one company alone.
Currently I focus on supporting our social and the application is The BSR HERproject is a collaborative environmental efforts with our suppliers and available in 10 of our initiative that strives to empower low-income representing Carter’s in a number of industry suppliers in Cambodia, women working in global supply chains initiatives such as Nirapon.
HERproject trainings are based on peer With the Alliance for Bangladesh Worker be part of our Company’s commitment to safe to peer methodology.
group of select workers, who in turn train their of 2018, several former Alliance members, colleagues on critical skills and knowledge. including Carter's and other brands committed I’m especially proud of having helped to The progress of these programs is measured to sustaining the culture of factory safety in integrate our social compliance work with the through baseline and endline surveys that Bangladesh, launched Nirapon.
This member- Sourcing group for better decision making, provide clear quantitative and qualitative data led organization is committed to helping its implementing data systems that have improved about program impacts.
Unfortunately, on- members’ factories create a sustainable culture our audits, and launching training and the-ground implementation has been slowed of safety and provides a guided and supported monitoring initiatives that have helped to by COVID-19, but we expect to have program maintenance, monitoring and reporting improve the lives of workers in Bangladesh.
Carter’s, Inc. • 2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 30 --- PAGE 31 --- Supplier Traceability Preventing Forced Labor when the Australian Strategic Policy Institute Traceability Program Components (ASPI) published a report claiming links between Carter's and the use of forced labor, we Our CSR program works to ensure that products 1
We will not tolerate forced labor in our supply Onboarding investigated the claim and confirmed we did not do not include materials produced by entities chain.
Currently, we are working with our supply chain have taken steps to ensure that our products of suppliers including conducting partners to ensure that raw materials and other do not include materials produced by entities a social compliance audit components of our products do not use forced that may use forced labor.
Incorporating a technology solution that When allegations about facilities are brought to will assist with documentation and the Better identify claimed our attention by media or other stakeholders, training and education of suppliers place of origin we take them seriously and immediately beginning in early 2022.
requirements, see our CSR Policy and the AAFA Commitment to Responsible Recruitment, to which we are signatories.
The majority employees in addition to the organizations we and our customers give back to our of our families are living in poverty, and so they support.
Prepare Children for Success we’re supporting them in breaking the cycle to sharpen their skills and spend time in their For every pair of denim purchased during the of generational poverty.
To help campaign, we donate one item to kids in need Blythe Keeler family support coaches who work with all of our employees have these experiences and to through our partnership with Delivering Good— Robinson our parents or caregivers to help them plan life further our focus on early childhood education, up to 100,000 articles of clothing.
At Sheltering Arms, we provide early education, If an employee performs 16 or more hours of child care and comprehensive family support volunteer service during his or her professional Since 2014, together with our customers, I’m proud to say our evaluations show services to more than 3,500 children and their or personal time during a calendar year in Delivering Good, and DonorsChoose.org, we that our approach works.
Our program promotes social support, donations of books and pajamas, and mystery reader.
We also provide comprehensive support — Jenny Smith, DMM services to our learners’ families.
We pursue these objectives by working leading sustainable children's apparel in 2023 closely with our suppliers, testing labs, and other brand third parties to help ensure our products meet our high standards of quality and safety.
We are • Use 100% sustainable cotton • Began purchase of Better Cotton also making progress in increasing our use of and polyester fibers by 2030 credits and increased purchase of sustainably produced and certified materials.
As part of that strategy, we have created specialized outreach campaigns that have increased media impressions among Black and Hispanic families in particular, who represent a growing segment of children’s apparel purchases.
Recognizing that sustainability can be complex and technical, we have committed to communicating our initiatives and their benefits in simple, consumer-friendly ways.
These have begun to appear in our sales channels during 2022 via our multifaceted Raise the Future platform, which is founded on a promise to better our world through our commitments to developing more sustainable products and processes.
Carter’s, Inc. • 2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 37 --- PAGE 38 --- Our Sustainable Materials Journey We select fibers and materials intended to opportunities to increase our use of qualified In fiscal 2021, approximately 3% of our Sustainably deliver the safety, comfort, and durability our sustainable fibers, such as: materials met this definition.
Our building a road map that focuses on our • Certified Organic (e.g. GOTS) primary fabrics for apparel are cotton and top volume fabrics first and increases • Verified Recycled (e.g. GRS, REPREVE®†) polyester, and we have committed to securing our sourcing through programs such as As a significant user of cotton, we believe it those from sustainable sources by 2030.
is important that this fiber is produced in ways (e.g. Better Cotton, LENZING™ ECOVERO™) that support positive environmental, social, We define a sustainable fiber or material as and economic outcomes where reasonably one with better environmental outcomes and possible across our global value chain.
As we evolve our One of the main ways we intend to achieve our Fiber* Shipped Yards Shipped fiber portfolio strategy for our directly sourced goal of 100% sustainable cotton is through our apparel, we will be transitioning away from participation in Better Cotton.
Better Cotton has also conducted initiatives Conventional Nylon 280,833 0.141% to improve gender equality and women’s LENZING™ ECOVERO™ Viscose ** 159,675 0.080% empowerment in cotton production and to address the specific needs and challenges of Conventional Viscose 102,036 0.051% women taking part in its programs.
mostly organic cotton, certified by GOTS, a leading global textile Driving Company-wide Innovation processing standard for organic We launched a recycled eCommerce poly bag for fibers—making the brand already Little Planet in 2021 that reduces our use of virgin largely compliant with our 2030 plastic and has since been adopted for use by sustainable cotton goal.
Last year, we also launched a cardboard hanger to reduce our plastic use.
The sustainability wasn't my initial attraction to diverted from landfills reduced by our new hanger for the certified recycled design compared to an the brand, but it ended up being the determining factor in plastic used in our 2022 equivalent number of our paying a little more for sleepwear and play clothes."
Licensees are held accountable to improve our systems, our Product Integrity Hong Kong destroyed and the order canceled.
ensure they meet our standards and local laws.
team tracks trends and consumer feedback to perform root cause analysis and escalates issues Starting in March 2022, RSL testing is based on In FY2021, our risk-based RSL approach tested In recent years, the focus of my role has as needed for improvements in product design.
the percentage of a vendor’s styles that are not 237 styles, which covered 84% of inline been supporting the implementation of our OEKO-TEX® Standard 100 certified.
and it will help us ensure our products achieve OshKosh, including exclusive brands.
a clear picture of their environmental impacts, which will help us identify and One of our goals is to establish complete and prioritize opportunities for performance robust environmental data that covers all of our improvements across our supply chain.
To that end: • Our performance disclosures on Scope 1 GHG emissions, Scope 2 GHG • We have been partnering more closely emissions, water, and waste for 2019 and with suppliers to collect primary data and 2021 have undergone independent limited improve reporting.
Carter’s, Inc. • 2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 44 --- PAGE 45 --- Goals 2021 Progress Climate • Reduce greenhouse gas emissions by at least • Developed and received validation of 25% by 2030 and develop a science-based targets via Science-Based Targets initiative target (SBTi): • Achieve Net-Zero emissions in our direct — Reduce absolute Scope 1 and Scope 2 operations by 2040 GHG emissions 50% by 2030 from a 2019 base year — 77% of our suppliers by spend covering purchased goods and services will have science-based targets by 2027 Waste •
Divert 80% of waste from landfill by 2025 • New goal; we will report progress in 2023 Water • Establish a water-use reduction goal by 2023 • New goal; we will report progress in 2023 Carter’s, Inc. • 2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 45 --- PAGE 47 --- Improving Our Energy and Emissions Footprint In 2021, we set a target to reduce our emissions In addition to our primary data collection this decade by at least 25% against our efforts, we also engaged our logistics providers baseline.
This was an interim target while we to learn more about their progress on emissions determined what a science-based target would disclosure, including their measurement be for Carter’s.
We have now established a near- capabilities and opportunities to reduce term science-based reduction target validated distribution-related emissions.
We anticipate by the Science-Based Targets initiative (SBTi) that understanding our providers’ capabilities under which we are committing to reduce and maturity will help in future planning as we absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions 50% make transportation purchasing decisions and by 2030 from a 2019 base year.
As part of this advance our plans to reduce our impacts.
goal, Carter's will engage 77% of our suppliers by spend covering purchased goods and We are using the Sustainable Apparel Coalition's services to set science-based targets of their Higg Facility Environmental Module data own by 2027.
We have been able to achieve this in part Water Impact through a pilot program with our Little Planet million Packaging Innovations brand, which has become an ideal space to We have been quantifying our water usage Full virgin plastic hangers avoided test new sustainable ideas before scaling since 2019.
Other recent chain, we are working to better understand Developing sustainable packaging solutions innovations include: Reduction of corrugate consumed these impacts and will seek to improve our is an essential part of our commitment to at our Distribution Centers since 2020 water data through the use of the Higg FEM waste reduction.
In general, the environmental • In 2020, we reduced the size and amount and through further engagement with our of material in corrugated boxes used in benefits of utilizing recycled plastics include manufacturing suppliers.
We intend to set a our Distribution Centers, which decreased diminished reliance on fossil fuels, reduced water-use reduction goal by 2023.
the amount of corrugate consumed by use of natural resources, more energy-efficient 1 million sq. ft. and reduced the number manufacturing methods, reducing landfill of trailers on the road for shipments by waste, and cleaner oceans.
Therefore, we are working to identify and utilize • In 2021, we moved to 80% recycled content more sustainable and recyclable packaging poly mailers used for eCommerce orders, for our products, in our stores, and for the which reduced our carbon dioxide equivalent delivery of eCommerce orders.
One of our key by 232 tons—the equivalent to 50 passenger improvements in this area is progressing to cars for one year—and diverted 80.6 tons of have most of our apparel products packed for reusable material from landfills.
eCommerce mailer for Little Planet items These bags protect products throughout the that increases the recyclability of our supply chain from the factory to our customers.
Following the GHG Protocol, the inclusion of new emissions sources, improved calculation methods, the per-sq-ft number include fuels.
Carter’s is exploring the reasons for this and is committed to improving data quality within the Company’s environmental reporting framework and supply chain.
requirements of the International Federation of Inspection Agencies (IFIA)4, across Reporting criteria the business to ensure that its employees maintain integrity, objectivity, professional The Selected Information has been prepared in accordance with internal definitions Summary of work performed competence and due care, confidentiality, professional behaviour and high ethical set for Carter’s GHG, waste and water reporting indicators.
Sourcing, environmental and/or social sustainability Packaging & standards Marketing CG-MR-410a.2 Discussion of processes to assess and manage p. 42 risks and/or hazards associated with chemicals in products CG-MR-410a.3 Discussion of strategies to reduce the p. 49 environmental impact of packaging Activity Metric CG-MR-000.A Number of: (1) retail locations and (2) distribution centers We operate 980 retail stores and 4 distribution centers.
Carter’s, Inc. • 2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 58 --- PAGE 59 --- GRI General Disclosures (All disclosures listed apply GRI 2016 Standards unless otherwise specified) Disclosure Description Response Disclosure Description Response 102-1 Name of the organization p. 3 102-11 Precautionary Principle or approach The Company conducts a variety of activities to ensure the safety of its products.
functions to drive labor savings and increase efficiencies, the consolidation of certain functions 102-44 Key topics and concerns raised We do not generally disclose dialogues with into our corporate headquarters in Atlanta, Georgia, stakeholders.
401: Employment 401-1 New employee hires and employee turnover p. 26 401-2 Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided p. 23 to temporary or part-time employees 403: Occupational Health and Safety (2018) 403-9 Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational diseases, lost p. 24 days, absenteeism, and number of work-related fatalities 404: Training and Education 404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee p. 20 404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition pp.