The Murphy Oil Corporation 2023 Supporting Industry Efforts for Consistent and Comparable Reporting Sustainability Report contains data and We participate in several industry initiatives working to improve information regarding the environmental, sustainability reporting.
The aim of this initiative is to develop more consistent and comparable reporting of relevant to our internal and external key greenhouse gas (GHG) indicators in a template form for voluntary use by individual companies.
quality of this report: As this is an area of continual improvement across our industry, we strive to update our disclosures in line with operating • Internal assurance – We streamlined our data collection developments and with emerging best practice ESG reporting activities into an internally developed information system standards.
Additionally, this report was reviewed by a cross-functional management Reporting Frameworks and Boundaries team, subject matter experts and the executive leadership We report annually according to internationally recognized ESG team, as well as the Health, Safety, Environment and reporting frameworks and standards, including the Sustainability Corporate Responsibility (HSE&CR) Board Committee.
Unless otherwise noted, the data and information As we improve our sustainability reporting year-on-year, we note are reported at a total enterprise level, for assets under our that it may be necessary to restate our prior year data.
Named one of America’s “Most Responsible MBOEPD Thousand Barrels of Oil Equivalent per Day Companies” for 2022 by Newsweek • Named one of Houston’s “100 Leading Companies” in MBOPD Thousand Barrels of Oil per Day 2022 by the Houston Chronicle • Achieved United Way of Greater Houston’s 2021-2022 MCF Thousand Cubic Feet Chairman’s Division • Received ISS Governance and Social score of 1, which is mg/L Milligram per Liter the best rating possible MMBBL Million Barrels 2023 • Ranked as the highest-scoring company for 2021 ESG MMBOE Million Barrels of Oil Equivalent performance by Rystad Energy; peer group included 41 of the largest, unconventional, public oil and natural gas operators in North America MMBTU Million British Thermal Units • Recognized by the Greater Houston Partnership as a mtCO e
Achieved United Way of Greater Houston’s 2022-2023 Chairman’s Division 2023 Notice of Annual Meeting & Proxy Statement Corporate Governance Documents, including Policies and Charters EEO-1 Filings Your Feedback Is Welcome For questions or feedback on our 2023 Sustainability Report, please contact us at sustainability@murphyoilcorp.com.
About This Report 17 Environmental 59 Protecting Our People 69 Investing in Our People Protection and 4 Contents Conservation 60 Health and Safety 70 Workforce Development Oversight Oversight 6 Message to Our 18 Climate Change and Stakeholders Emissions 61 Health, Safety and 70 Diversity, Equity and Environmental Inclusion 8
Community 87 Governance and 97 Performance Data and Engagement Responsible Business Assurance Practices 78 Community 98 Performance Data Engagement Oversight 88 Governance Highlights 105 API Template 2.0 for 78 Working With 89 Stakeholder GHG Reporting Communities Engagement 107 Independent Assurance 81 Investing in Our 90 Responsible Business Statement Communities Practices 109 Content Indices 95 Public Advocacy 95 Supply Chain Management MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 4 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 6 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Message to Our Stakeholders
Murphy is well Respect the Environment positioned to continue to play Murphy remains committed to lowering its carbon emissions intensity in a financially prudent manner, as we work toward our part in providing energy that achieving our 2030 goals of zero routine flaring and a 15% to empowers people with our strong 20% reduction in GHG emissions intensity compared to 2019.
to reduce our reliance on freshwater sources.
As a result, in the past year, we achieved the highest water recycling ratio in As this report illustrates, we remain steadfast in our focus and the Company’s history.
MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 6 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 7 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Support Each Other
Looking Ahead We are committed to conducting business that prioritizes the Murphy has accomplished a great deal with our sustainability health, safety and security of all personnel, including employees, efforts since our first Sustainability Report was published five contractors and partners.
Our entire team further reflect our commitment to safe and environmentally is diligently engaged in improving our safety performance, sound operations, in 2022 we increased the weighting of ESG whether through internal and external audits and certifications, metrics for compensation purposes in our Annual Incentive Plan ongoing mandatory training and drills, or active contractor from 15% to 20%.
We provide a comprehensive benefits We appreciate the engagement of all our stakeholders, and the package and invest in programs to develop and engage our feedback they contribute, which helps us to focus on achieving employees.
Our efforts are being recognized, and Murphy our long-term financial and sustainability goals and to ensure has been named Best Place for Working Parents by the Murphy’s future as an industry leader.
We were also designated by Newsweek as one of America’s Thank you for your interest and continued support.
We strive to invest in these communities through strategic partnerships, philanthropy and volunteerism, and from the onset, we work to Roger W. Jenkins address their concerns and those of other stakeholders.
Murphy President and Chief Executive Officer has been a long-standing supporter of education, and our El Dorado Promise initiative has provided scholarships for more than 3,200 students to attend colleges and universities since 2007.
MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 7 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 10 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Our Approach to ESG Operating responsibly and protecting Charles H. Murphy Sr., built his company on a strong commitment to integrity and doing what is right for our our workforce, communities and the employees, communities and stakeholders.
While we know this is investing in our people and communities and protecting the good for the planet and our stakeholders, health and safety of our workforce are not only the “right” things to do, they also underpin our financial stability and we also know it is critical to our success as support our ongoing license to operate and sustain long-term a business.
ESG – was a concept driving companies’ and stakeholders’ strategies and decision-making, our Company’s founder, Communicating our ESG commitments, plans and progress is key to enhancing our business, improving operations and strengthening our We are committed to conducting credibility with our stakeholders, see .
We continually advance our Focus on Oversight and comprehensive approach What Matters Board and senior management Governance to managing ESG impacts, Most commitment, coupled with strong risks and opportunities, see governance systems and clear .
energy transition it requires, presents important risks and opportunities for our industry and our Company.
We believe our longtime commitment to operating responsibly and using resources efficiently position us to meet the challenges and seize the opportunities of the energy transition, so we can Our Climate Change Position remain an industry leader for years to come.
In 2021, we began an effort to map our ESG efforts and priorities onto the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), which provide a blueprint to achieve a better and more sustainable future for all through action for social inclusion, environmental sustainability and economic development.
with our employees, investors, the communities where we work and live, government and regulatory agencies, academics and • Check and confirm issues – Prior to publishing, we review nongovernmental organizations through: this report to ensure that the identified material issues are discussed adequately and appropriately.
Disclose the process and outcomes – In the interest investor non-deal roadshows and outreach, proxy voting of transparency, in this report we outline our materiality and meetings.
Maintaining and building these relationships is important to identify areas of improvement and, where appropriate, make us; and we use the stakeholders’ input to guide, improve and/ improvements. or formalize our internal policies.
We are committed to improving the relevancy and transparency of our public disclosures on matters that are key to our stakeholders.
ENVIRONMENT Focusing on What Matters Most • Climate change, GHG emissions and energy We are continually advancing our comprehensive approach to transition managing the range of ESG impacts, risks and opportunities • Water management Murphy faces.
Our ESG Journey: Five Years On, We Remain Steadfast in Our Efforts ESG elements have long been in our DNA and core values, but our process became more formalized in 2019, with the formation of our ESG Executive Management Committee and the publication of our first Sustainability Report.
From our initial report five years ago, we have expanded our efforts yearly to align with established ESG standards and frameworks, and responded to feedback from stakeholders.
We continue to educate our workforce on the importance and benefits of ESG; integrate sustainability across our entire business; and, increase disclosures to meet stakeholders’ expectations.
With the publication of our fifth Sustainability Report, we remain committed to the five reporting principles of relevance, transparency, consistency, completeness and accuracy.
Developed Published Established internal Formed ESG Executive Formed Inaugural internal, annual Climate Change annual GHG Management Sustainability Sustainability GHG inventory Principles emissions target Committee Working Group Report 2001 2008 2017 2019 Established Established Expanded HSE&CR Third external Zero Enhanced other board Updated 2008 Second external GHG Board Committee Sustainability Routine Flaring committee charters with Climate Change Sustainability intensity reduction charter with ESG Report 2030 goal ESG responsibilities Position Report 2030 goal responsibilities 2021 2020 Aligned with Initiated external Added GHG Formed Operations Became Aligned Appointed GRI, Ipieca, assurance of intensity goal to Sustainability Focus TCFD with SASB, Director of UN SDG GHG data compensation Team member TCFD Sustainability 2022 2023 Increased Expanded TCFD Fourth Aligned with Fifth Considering Evaluating new weighting of reporting, adopted Sustainability GRI Oil and Sustainability internal annual ISSB, TNFD, SEC ESG metrics in API GHG Reporting Report Gas Sector Report methane requirements compensation Template Standard intensity target MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 13 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 15 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Board Committees ESG Executive Management Committee The Health, Safety, Environment and Corporate Responsibility (HSE&CR) Committee leads the Board’s oversight of Reports to HSE&CR Board Committee sustainability issues and strategy development, including climate, Chaired by President and Chief Executive Officer environmental performance, health and safety, and community engagement.
The following Board committees have additional oversight of certain ESG-focused responsibilities in accordance with their Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer charters: Executive Vice President, Operations • The Audit Committee is responsible for reviewing programs Senior Vice President, General Counsel related to financial risk, cybersecurity and compliance with the and Corporate Secretary Company’s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics.
Vice President, Human Resources and Administration • The Compensation Committee is responsible for reviewing Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications the Company’s key human capital management strategies.
Vice President, Sustainability • The Nominating and Governance Committee is responsible for developing criteria for Board membership that encourages Director, Governance and Legal Services a diversity of backgrounds and perspectives, including diversity of race, ethnicity, gender and national origin, and Sustainability Working Group actively seeks individuals qualified to become Board members Reports to ESG Executive Management Committee for recommendation to the Board.
The Committee also oversees the Company’s lobbying activities and political Chaired by Vice President, Sustainability spending, and reviews current and emerging governance trends, issues and concerns that may affect the Company’s Comprised of representatives from the following business, operations, performance or reputation.
business units: To view detailed responsibilities for each Board Committee, Finance and Treasury Law please refer to our website.
Health, Safety and Operations Environmental Risk Management ESG Executive Management Committee Human Resources Murphy’s ESG Executive Management Committee monitors and Supply Chain Management manages sustainability risks and opportunities.
This committee is Information Technology Sustainability comprised of our President and Chief Executive Officer and senior Investor Relations and executives representing key functional areas across the Company.
Ensure the Company has timely and accurate information regarding laws, regulations and industry trends related to ESG Sustainability Working Group matters, including climate; responsible business conduct; the The Sustainability Working Group is a cross-functional team community; and DE&I. of subject matter experts that manages and coordinates the publication of our annual Sustainability Report as well as other ESG • Monitor and advise the Company on current and emerging matters and efforts, as directed by the ESG Executive Management ESG matters, including risks and opportunities, that may affect Committee.
To reflect the increased importance of understanding its business, operations, performance or reputation or are and mitigating cybersecurity risks, we added a representative from otherwise pertinent to the Company and its stakeholders.
operations and HSE specialists, was formed in 2021 to identify, evaluate and implement technologies to support our corporate • Review and provide comments on the Company’s Sustainability Reports.
The committee has delegated the responsibility of producing the See the Governance and Responsible Business Practices annual Sustainability Report to the Sustainability Working Group.
section on for more on our approach to other The committee may delegate other responsibilities to other governance issues.
working groups or subcommittees.
This We understand that our industry, and the use of our products, commitment is embedded in the way we create emissions – which raise climate change concerns.
We believe that as the continuous improvements in our energy economy transitions under the Paris Agreement, oil and natural gas will continue to play a vital role in the long-term operational processes.
Protecting and preserving the environment is a deep-rooted At Murphy, we are committed to reducing our GHG emissions, principle for everyone at Murphy, starting with Charles H. and focused on understanding and mitigating climate Murphy Jr.
We have also committed to reduce our Scope 1 and 2 leaders of the environmental movement.
We continue to improve our reporting of methane and flaring metrics.
In 2019, In this section, we share our efforts to improve our emissions we acquired deepwater US Gulf of Mexico assets, and we fully performance and our climate governance, strategy, risk divested our operations in Malaysia.
Through these strategic identification and management and metrics and targets, in transactions and others, we have divested refining, oil sands alignment with the Task Force on Climate-related Financial and heavy oil assets, consequently reducing our exposure to Disclosures (TCFD) core elements.
Our Climate and Emissions Goals and Progress At the tactical level, Murphy strives to continually improve 15%-20% the performance of existing assets by making investments in ZERO equipment upgrades, effective maintenance programs and new REDUCTION technologies, which help to monitor, measure and improve our IN GHG EMISSIONS INTENSITY ROUTINE FLARING environmental performance.
We also participate in external environmental audits with regulatory agencies such as the Texas 25% REDUCTION Railroad Commission, Texas Commission on Environmental achieved in 2022 Quality, US Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement, Alberta Energy Regulator and British Columbia Energy Regulator.
Since then, we have expanded our disclosures year-on-year to align with the framework.
The organization’s • Enhanced charters of three Board committees to reflect their continued governance around oversight of certain ESG-focused responsibilities climate-related risks and • Reviewed and updated our climate change position, initially developed opportunities in 2008 () •
Conducted an assessment on the alignment of our climate change position with that of our key trade associations Strategy
Net Zero Emissions by 2050 Scenario risks and opportunities (NZE) on the organization’s • Added a more comprehensive discussion of climate-related risks and businesses, strategy and opportunities, including potential time horizon and financial impacts financial planning () Risk The processes used • Augmented discussion on how we identify and assess climate-related risks Management by the organization to • Expanded discussion of mitigation strategies for identified risks and identify, assess and efforts for identified opportunities manage climate-related risks () Metrics and The metrics and • Reported our performance against our climate goals Targets targets used to assess • Engaged a third party to conduct an independent assurance of our and manage relevant absolute Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions for the third consecutive climate-related risks and year opportunities () •
Added an annual GHG emissions intensity goal as a performance metric in our Company’s Annual Incentive Plan in 2021 • Reported our estimated Scope 3, Category 11: Use of Sold Products GHG emissions • Expanded climate-related metrics to align with the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) for oil and natural gas exploration and production companies and the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 19 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 20 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Transparent Emissions Reporting Murphy is committed to transparently reporting, as well as reducing, our GHG emissions.
We have continually refined our emission surveys as we strive for improved measuring and tracking.
Scope 1 – Direct GHG emissions from sources owned and controlled by Murphy Scope 2 – Indirect GHG emissions from the generation of purchased electricity consumed by Murphy Scope 3 – All other indirect GHG emissions as a consequence of Murphy’s activities, from sources not owned or controlled by the Company Improving Our Emissions Performance We have made progress in reducing our emissions through our targeted efforts.
In the last five years, between 2018 and 2022, We focus our efforts on reducing emissions generated from our absolute Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions fell by 51%, and combustion sources and processes that emit predominantly total Company GHG emissions intensity decreased by 53%.
emissions intensity decreased by 25% from 2019 to 2022, putting We have made investments to reduce GHG and other emissions, us on a clear path to achieving our goal of reducing emissions spending approximately $115 million from 2015 to 2022.
We follow a rigorous inspection and preventative maintenance have also met the GHG intensity target defined in our Annual program to keep operations running cleanly and efficiently.
One comprised of operations and HSE specialists, to identify, factor that contributed to meeting our 2030 goal in 2022 is the evaluate and implement technologies to support our corporate overall increased production contribution from our low-intensity climate and emissions strategy and goals.
To support their work, we have also maintain our current intensity level, and plan to re-evaluate the established internal technical sharing sessions that include asset 2030 goal depending on production levels of our various assets.
Scope 2 GHG Emissions 51,499 30,349 33,974 42,028 31,707 Metric Ton COe 2 Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions 2,225,724 1,250,320 1,036,312 967,267 1,088,220 Metric Ton COe 2 GHG Emissions Intensity 25,912 16,234 12,809 12,950 12,151 Metric Ton COe/MMBOE 2 Total GHG Emissions and Intensity2 Meeting AIP Target Range GHG Intensity Metric Scope 1, 2 GHG Emissions GHG Emissions Intensity Metric Ton CO e Metric Ton CO e/MMBOE Since Inclusion in 2021 2 2 3,500,000 35,000 2021 2022 3,000,000 30,000 2,500,000 25,000 2,000,000 20,000 1,500,000 15,000 1,000,000 10,000 500,000 5,000 0 0 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Scope 1 GHG Emissions Murphy Intensity Scope 2 GHG Emissions IOGP North America Intensity Benchmark Source: IOGP and Murphy internal 2 2018 data includes Malaysia.
We • Utilizing forward-looking infrared (FLIR) cameras, for leak are working to develop more targeted and effective methane detection and repair (LDAR), to reduce methane leaks by emissions reduction programs by increasing our understanding routine monitoring and repairing.
has been and continues to be on our onshore operations, • Installed thermal and optical cameras in our onshore whether it is building redundant pipelines to minimize flaring Canadian operations for methane, leak and security due to downstream third-party constraints or investing in monitoring.
In Canada, working to replace fuel gas-actuated pneumatic • Implementing new well tubing designs and plunger-assisted controllers and chemical pumps with instrument air-actuated gas lift installations to reduce lift gas requirements for pneumatic controllers and chemical pumps at well sites and artificial lift.
Additionally, 80 • Adding pipeline infrastructure to reduce flaring and venting units were purchased for site conversions to instrument at legacy assets.
Venting – Other Sources • Installing piping on new Eagle Ford Shale gas-lifted wells to reduce blowdown-related vented emissions.
As a result of our focused programs, we have reduced absolute methane emissions by 23% from 2019 to 2022, with reductions Eliminating Methane Vent Sources in Our Onshore coming mostly from venting related to pneumatics and flaring.
Our total Company methane intensity decreased by 34% from Capturing or eliminating methane routine venting is a key 2019 to 2022.
Switching from natural gas to compressed air-driven systems to We continue to seek improvements to reduce our methane operate pneumatic equipment and chemical pumps emissions and partner with industry groups to achieve these eliminates these venting sources and also provides an goals, including with the TXOGA and API’s The Environmental economic opportunity, as the natural gas is conserved and Partnership.
Our evaluations thus far indicate that investing in onshore 23% 4,000 methane reductions will have substantially more impact than decrease offshore investments.
Improving the efficiency of our combustion practices reduces associated GHG emissions, as well as emissions of nitrogen oxide (NO ), sulfur oxide (SO ) and VOCs.
Strategies we are X X using to reduce combustion-related emissions include: • Onshore fracturing – Murphy has shifted to using dual- fuel fracturing fleets in the Tupper Montney and Kaybob Duvernay in Canada and in the Eagle Ford Shale in Texas.
We also continued efforts with our compressor rental service provider to improve compressor runtimes and engine efficiency.
The pilot is aimed at helping our contractors and Murphy assess and document ESG performance, including desktop review and verification of their emissions data, and implementation assessments of ESG programs.
As we work for safe operations within the oil and natural gas production to achieve our commitment to reduce flaring, we anticipate process.
Murphy is committed to limiting flaring as much as continued improvement in the methane intensity of assets under possible at all of our locations, to protect the environment and our operational control.
During 2022, our Engineering and Operations teams Our process improvement and asset reliability efforts to reduce worked to find ways to connect onshore stranded well flaring include: locations to pipelines to reduce routine flaring and increase revenue from natural gas being sold.
Further, any new wellpads reduce emissions from the continuous pilot flare.
For example, tie-ins eliminated on-pad flaring, and on-pad tanks and we reduced export constraints in the Eagle Ford Shale equipment that cause venting to the atmosphere.
Introducing electronic control upgrades, in both our US and Canada onshore operations, to reduce upsets and provide data for continuous operational improvement.
12,000 60% decrease These efforts will drive improvement in our management of 10,000 2019-2022 emissions and climate-related risk exposure, reduction of 8,000 regulatory and policy risk and responsible production of oil and natural gas.
MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 25 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 26 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE LEAN INTO CHALLENGES Committing to Emissions Reductions and Industry Partnership Delivering Results With Data-Driven Projects at Eagle Ford Shale, Texas Murphy is one of the 26 founding members of The Environmental Partnership, launched by the API in Since 2017, we have installed electronic controls and 2017.
We reducing emissions from oil and natural gas production implemented projects to address flaring based on this data, through a series of best practices that members commit to as outlined below.
As a member, Murphy has committed to and contributed to our Eagle Ford Shale, Texas, operations is working to achieve the following: flaring the lowest amount of natural gas per MCF of natural gas produced since we started tracking the data in 2012.
2 0 2019 2020 2021 2022 Opportunities for the Future In addition to emissions reduction efforts outlined above, we Improving Compressor Reliability: Compressors are used continue to evaluate low carbon energy and CO mitigation to increase the pressure of natural gas, to allow it to be 2 opportunities.
To address these, we have undertaken a program 2 through strategic partnerships of systematic equipment upgrades and retrofits, resulting in greater than 32% improvement in compressor downtime • Evaluation of solar energy project potential for our current events from 2019 to 2022.
The increment in runtime translated to fewer operational upsets and reduced flaring, while increasing production sales.
the boundary of our Scope 3 inventory, we have determined that Estimated Scope 3 Net Equity Emissions 2020 2021 2022 Category 11: Use of Sold Products 21,500,000 20,600,000 21,900,000 Metric Ton COe 2 Climate Governance Climate-related information is reviewed at least biannually during the HSE&CR Committee meetings, as well as through Our Board and senior management are actively engaged in frequent updates to the Board, to help ensure our members overseeing our climate change and emissions strategy, which is are apprised of climate matters.
Additionally, our own The Board is committed to overseeing climate-related risks and internal personnel from Government Affairs, Enterprise Risk opportunities, as well as overseeing the executive leadership Management, Corporate Planning, Sustainability, HSE and team in its assessment, agenda-setting and strategic initiatives.
other agreements, public policies or scientific developments involving environmental matters The Health, Safety, Environment and Corporate Responsibility • Significant risks to, and the physical security of, the (HSE&CR) Committee of the Board has specific responsibility Company’s facilities for overseeing issues related to Murphy’s climate and emissions • Annual GHG inventory and progress against climate-related strategy, performance and external reporting.
Additionally, goals, including our 2030 goals of Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG the Audit Committee has oversight of our risk processes, emissions reduction intensity and zero routine flaring which covers our climate-related risks, while the full Board reviews the Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) outcomes.
Climate-related scenarios and energy transition matters The Compensation Committee aligns our compensation • Impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on our program with our environmental and climate goals as well capital allocation process for our budget, long-range as performance.
Please refer to Board and Managerial business plan and strategy Oversight of ESG Topics (see ) for more details on the responsibilities of these Board committees, as well as the individual Board Committee Charters.
MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 27 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 28 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Management’s Role Focus Team, comprised of operations and HSE specialists, Our ESG Executive Management Committee, comprised of the is responsible for identifying, evaluating and implementing President and Chief Executive Officer and senior executives, technologies to support our corporate climate and emissions provides executive direction on and oversees the identification strategy and goals.
To keep abreast of climate-related issues and trends, the We originally developed a set of climate change principles committee is briefed by employees who participate in industry in 2008 to guide our climate strategy.
position, with the commitment to re-evaluate the position periodically with our executive leadership team and HSE&CR This ESG Executive Management Committee reports to Board Committee.
As part of our climate change position, we the HSE&CR Committee and coordinates closely with our endeavor to: HSE Executive Management Advisory Committee.
The HSE • Provide strong internal oversight and governance Executive Management Advisory Committee includes the President and Chief Executive Officer and senior executives and • Communicate with transparency management from HSE and operations, and is responsible for • Further integrate risks and opportunities into our strategy executing on our environmental strategy.
and business planning cycle Further, we have a Capital Allocation Investment Committee • Promote operational excellence to minimize impact to the made up of the President and Chief Executive Officer; Executive environment Vice President and Chief Financial Officer;
Our positions on key ESG issues do not always align exactly with those of the industry associations and other groups of Additionally, members of the Risk Committee include the which we are members.
Therefore, our membership does Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Senior Vice not necessarily indicate our support for all the organizations’ President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary; Executive positions.
To understand the alignment of our climate change Vice President, Operations; other senior executives and the position, highlighted above, with that of our key trade Enterprise Risk Manager, who identify, prioritize and assign associations, we conducted an assessment in 2022.
We selected owners to risks, including climate-related risks, with reporting organizations that received more than $50,000 a year from lines up to the Board or applicable Board committee(s), as Murphy, and identified three associations: the API, Canadian discussed under Enterprise Risk Management (see ).
In particular, the Stated Policies Scenario on the dual challenge of providing affordable, reliable and secure (STEPS), Announced Pledges Scenario (APS) and Net Zero energy, while lowering the intensity of emissions associated with Emissions by 2050 Scenario (NZE), as presented in the World our activities.
Through our annual strategic planning and capital Energy Outlook (WEO) 2022, frame potential oil and natural gas allocation process, we build a strategy and business adaptable demand, as well as technology, policy and societal requirements to alternative low-carbon pathways, by providing a qualitative tied to energy transition pathway objectives.
The WEO 2022 and quantitative perspective of energy transition risks and edition does not include the Sustainable Development Scenario opportunities.
most relevant to our business model: The STEPS reflects the impact of announced policy intentions • Regulatory – Policies and regulations related to GHG and targets – Nationally Determined Contributions (NDCs) – emissions and climate change, covering the short and submitted by the Paris Agreement signatories to reduce their medium term.
The oil demand is expected to increase by 8% by change toward non-fossil fuel energy sources, covering the 2030 and then flatten, while natural gas demand remains fairly medium to long term.
We consider the following horizons term net zero and energy access targets, will be met in full and when assessing and planning for risks and opportunities: on time.
This scenario projects that oil demand peaks in the • Short-term – one to three years, which includes our annual mid-2020s, after which it is anticipated to fall by 39% and natural budget and reporting period and allows for the realization of gas demand to decrease by 37% by 2050.
temperature rise in 2100 is around 1.7°C. • Medium-term – four to eight years, which includes our The NZE is more ambitious and goes further than the APS to planning cycle and captures strategic initiatives such as the align with the Paris Agreement objective of pursuing efforts materialization of exploration ventures and further capital to limit the temperature increase to 1.5°C.
oil and natural gas investment averages around $660 billion By 2030, oil and natural gas combine to meet 52% (STEPS) and between 2023 and 2030 and about $585 billion from 2031 49% (APS) of the overall world energy demand, respectively.
In the APS, annual investment averages about $545 Even by 2050, oil and natural gas remain key at 47% (STEPS) billion between 2023 and 2030 and about $325 billion from and 32% (APS).
ICF We believe our strategic positioning enables the Company to the annual upstream oil and natural gas investment averaging contribute to the replacement of oil and natural gas supplies $435 billion between 2023 and 2030 and about $180 billion over this time horizon.
In the WEO 2021, the IEA highlights that that can be developed and produced at an emissions intensity if demand is higher than assumed in the NZE, the reduced per unit of production that is lower relative to other sources investment in new fields would cause a supply shortage, leading on the supply curve, as highlighted in the chart above.
40 Supply with no new investment The Murphy base case internal carbon price is $50 per mtCO e, 20 2 escalated 5% per annum, and applicable to our Scope 1 and Scope 2 equity emissions.
However, investment in existing fields continues, with 8 GHG intensity is from the production stage only (that is, exclusive of crude transport, refining, petroleum product transport, petroleum product distribution and dispensing, and petroleum production utilization).
We believe our current 40 portfolio of existing and known future producing assets is resilient under the “well below 2°C” transition pathway, as 20 represented by the APS.
As we perform the scenario analysis, we also confirm that our 2030 GHG emissions intensity target is 0 still viable.
Similar to the APS, in this scenario, our 2030 GHG emissions intensity target 0.00 remains viable.
We are active in many committees of these associations, including the climate Managing Climate Risks and Opportunities and ESG committees, as they work on addressing climate-
climate-related transition and physical risks that might impact our strategy, and are actively managing mitigation efforts.
Key Climate-Related Transition and Physical Risks Our reporting in this section is guided by the TCFD framework and the references to climate risks and opportunities, including transition and physical risks, are intended to align with this framework.
For a discussion of information that is material to Murphy Oil, please see our filings with the SEC, including our Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Potential Time Potential Type Risk Description Horizon Financial Impacts Mitigation Strategies Transition: Policies/regulations related to Short- and Increased operating Murphy has developed focus areas to streamline our GHG emissions, climate change, medium-term expenses approach: Policy and reporting obligations, carbon Legal Increased cost of capital • Monitoring policy and regulatory proposals for pricing and exposure to litigation.
• Improving external reporting and disclosure to highlight to our employees, shareholders, in addition to our other stakeholders, our understanding of and commitment to climate change initiatives.
Time horizon definitions: short-term – one to three years; medium-term – four to eight years; long-term – beyond eight years MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 33 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 34 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Potential Time Potential Type Risk Description Horizon Financial Impacts Mitigation Strategies Transition: Two key potential risks of the market transitioning away from fossil fuels and into lower-carbon emission sources are: Market Fossil-Fuel Business Model Medium- to Decreased revenue from There is a large range of uncertainty about future rates of Disruption – Technologies for long-term reduced prices/demand change, and timing is unknown.
using energy from non-emitting for oil and natural gas We continue to investigate low-carbon technologies sources have developed rapidly Increased cost of capital that complement our existing assets, strategy and over the last two decades and, in competencies.
allocation, to ensure that our future investments are If consumers embrace less competitive in these various pathways.
Increased cost of capital Transition: Change in public sentiment for Short-term and Increased cost of capital Per our Climate Change Position, we will communicate the fossil-fuel business could beyond with transparency on our progress on climate efforts at Reputation Increased insurance lead to negative sentiment of the least annually, through the publication of our Sustainability premiums industry, causing: Report.
Increased operating and • Investors and insurers to We actively engage with our stakeholders regularly to overhead expenses withdraw from the industry share our strategy, goals and progress and to receive their Deferred revenue in the feedback, as outlined in our Stakeholder Engagement • Increased activism and legal event of legal obstacles section (see ).
challenges to operations Decreased revenue from reduced prices/demand for oil and natural gas Physical: Our US and international Short-term and Deferred revenue from We have robust safety protocols in place, and we maintain operations are exposed to beyond deferred production thorough emergency response and crisis management Acute different types of physical plans.
As described in the Protecting Our People section Increased operating risks, such as tropical systems, (see ), Murphy performs exercises and drills expenses floods and other forms of severe based on different scenarios for all our businesses.
Property damage, Additionally, we have experience in responding to actual liability for third-party events, such as the devastating floods experienced in damage Houston in 2017 after Hurricane Harvey and Winter Storm Increased insurance Uri in 2021.
premiums Property damage to customer and supplier assets Physical: Shifts in precipitation patterns Short-term and Deferred revenue from In addition to the mitigation strategies outlined above and variability in weather patterns beyond deferred production for Physical Acute Risks, we also monitor the condition of Chronic could cause prolonged or our assets and infrastructure, as discussed in the Asset Increased operating excessive conditions related to Integrity and Process Safety section (see ).
We continue to damage invest in infrastructure to reduce our dependence on Increased insurance fresh water and increase use of recycled water and other premiums alternative sources.
Property damage to customer and supplier assets Time horizon definitions: short-term – one to three years; medium-term – four to eight years; long-term – beyond eight years MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 34 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 35 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Key Climate-Related Opportunities Our reporting in this section is guided by the TCFD framework and the references to climate risks and opportunities, including transition and physical risks, are intended to align with this framework.
For a discussion of information that is material to Murphy Oil, please see our filings with the SEC, including our Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Potential Opportunity Time Potential Type Description Horizon Financial Impacts Ongoing or Future Initiatives Resource Improved methane capture.
Short-term Increased revenue Continue with our efforts to reduce methane (see ).
Efficiency Energy Use of lower-emission sources of Short- and Reduced exposure to Fulfill our commitments to The Environmental Partnership, energy and new technologies.
Increased capital Evaluate and implement design concepts for new offshore availability (as more facilities that improve emissions intensity over the life of investors favor lower-
the facility, such as the improvements we implemented in emissions producers) the King’s Quay floating production system.
Reputational benefits Continue to evaluate low carbon energy and CO 2 resulting in increased mitigation opportunities like geothermal and renewable demand for goods energy sources, as highlighted on .
Products, Natural gas as lower-emissions Long-term Increased revenue Use our natural gas assets in Canada as a low-intensity fuel.
Services Increased capital and Development of natural gas availability (as more Allocate capital to investments in resources that will Markets markets with carbon capture for investors favor lower- remain economically attractive under various transition power generation.
Time horizon definitions: short-term – one to three years; medium-term – four to eight years; long-term – beyond eight years MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 35 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 36 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Climate Metrics and Targets Medium-Term10 Metrics and Targets We have established two external targets to drive our emissions We use a range of metrics to assess our climate and emissions performance: a commitment to eliminate routine flaring by 2030 efforts and performance, including absolute and intensity and a goal to reduce Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions intensity metrics for Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions, Scope 3 GHG by 15% to 20% by 2030 from a 2019 baseline.
We also track and report metrics recommended performance in 2022 puts us on a clear path to achieving our by SASB for oil and natural gas exploration and production 2030 targets.
Our GHG emissions intensity decreased by about companies (see for our SASB index) and GRI (see 25% from 2019 to 2022.
We are also on track to achieve zero for our GRI index).
Long-Term10 Metrics and Targets Short-Term10 Metrics and Targets We also use a set of metrics to measure strategic risks and opportunities from climate change and the related energy In 2021, the Compensation Committee of our Board added an transition.
We 2022 was set to ensure we remain on the path to achieving view Scope 3 GHG emissions intensity as an indicator of revenue our medium-term goal of reducing our gross operationally risk in relation to declining oil and natural gas prices that could controlled GHG emissions intensity.
When we test the effects of energy transition incorporated several years ago.
We met our 2022 target range for these metrics, as outlined in the 2023 Proxy Statement.
We are committed to reducing emissions and progressing toward our emissions intensity goal.
To ensure the integrity of our emissions data, for a third consecutive year, we have engaged ERM Certification and Verification Services (ERM CVS) to conduct an independent limited assurance on our absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions.
Murphy is committed, from the Board, President and external reporting purposes, based on SASB and and Chief Executive Officer, and other senior management to Ipieca’s guidance. field personnel, to responsible water management practices, stewardship and conservation in all areas where we operate.
From the initiation • In Alberta, the Alberta Energy Regulator (AER) defines of our onshore operations in 2009 to the end of 2022, Murphy fresh water as non-saline water less than or equal to has invested an estimated $44 million in infrastructure to 4,000 mg/L TDS.
Water is a key input for our hydraulic fracturing operations and is therefore critical to maintaining our onshore production Alternative Water Sources – Water obtained from sources targets.
To help ensure our water use is sustainable, we have such as saline groundwater, recycled produced water, a comprehensive water management policy and strategy that municipal effluent and sharing/collaborative opportunities.
Complying with regulations and standards • Protecting the environment and the diversity of plant and Recycled Water – Alternative water that is used in animal life while minimizing the impact of our operations operations after treatment, to reduce freshwater withdrawal.
We undertake operations risk assessments and business strategy and develop comprehensive planning to ensure adequate volumes and mitigative measures.
We • Understanding of development plans, seasonality factors, consider a range of factors, including ways to reduce freshwater high water stress areas and lead times use, preferences of area stakeholders, regional regulations, • Understanding of flowback and produced water rates water stress, physical characteristics as well as economic and technical feasibility.
We continue to invest illustrated in the chart and maps below.
We have constructed in and expand infrastructure and management capabilities to and plan to construct produced water ponds in these low- maximize our use of flowback and produced water, a primary medium areas to further reduce our freshwater consumption.
element of our efforts to reduce freshwater use.
2022 Overall Water Risk11 Analysis an agreement for us to use third-party produced water that would otherwise be sent to a disposal well, resulting in reduced need for fresh water.
We this infrastructure has supported 34 well completions with also conduct other precautionary measures as required, such as 3.6 MMBBL of recycled produced water, eliminating the adhering to riparian habitat and wildlife setbacks and timelines.
This amount of recycled Water Management Networks produced water has also directly offset freshwater Water management networks allow us to strategically withdraw volumes sourced from the local environment that would and impound water volumes necessary to support operational have been needed.
network, with more than 40 fresh/produced water reservoirs, When it comes online in late 2023, this second pond will allows us to store water in preparation for future operations, further increase the recycling rate across future completions and serves to capture water from frac flowback and production programs and reduce disposal costs for the Tupper operations once wells are online.
In 2022, we continued to testament to our commitment to freshwater conservation invest capital to optimize our facilities and produced water and responsible water management practices.
This infrastructure reduces our demand on local freshwater sources and substantially reduces the number of trucks needed to support day-to-day operations.
MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 40 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 41 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Predicting High-flow Periods in Canada Onshore Water Management App to Support Water Operations In Kaybob Duvernay, Alberta, and Tupper Montney, British Columbia, we withdraw and impound water volumes for
Withdrawing the fresh water required during supports our entire onshore water operations in the US the high-flow periods reduces the chance of negatively and Canada with real-time monitoring, reporting and affecting the environmental flow needs of downstream alerts.
They also monitor flow rates weekly • Improved planning and forecasting, leading to cost to bi-weekly while withdrawing, to ensure compliance.
reductions • Increased produced water recycling and lowered In the future, we expect to expand the scope of the disposal program to include local and regional precipitation and snowpack, which will provide data trends to predict • Enhanced reporting capability possible drought or high moisture levels.
We have can be dependent on achievable treatment quality, water also improved our total water use efficiency.
We continue to explore opportunities to increase our recycling In 2022, we completed a total of 50 wells, 27 in Eagle Ford Shale, ratio.
We software application enables us to monitor, analyze and forecast have increased the percentage of recycled water to total water our water needs.
consumed in our operations from 4% in 2020 to 17% in 2021, to MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 41 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 42 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE In the Eagle Ford Shale, over the last several years, we have increased our capital investment to improve water recycling Water Use Balance rates.
Consequently, the percentage of water we sourced from Total Onshore recycled water increased to 16% in 2022 from 11% in 2021.
Our use of surface water 46% 29% 55% 80 65% decreased from the prior year because our operations were in 46% 60 areas with little to no surface water, thus requiring increased use 66% of groundwater.
40 50% 41% In Tupper Montney, we have continued to increase produced 20 27% 18% water recycling in our completions operations.
Since 2019, our recycled water volumes have increased almost 15-fold.
This approach also 2 Without pipeline support, we needed an alternative approach avoided the safety concerns and reputational risk of impacting to transport recycled produced water from Murphy’s hub to local landowners and residents along the trucking route, the completion well pad.
Moreover, we collaborated of produced water as a viable base drilling fluid, replacing with our drilling fluid service provider to further increase calcium chloride brine, for the Tupper Montney drilling the technical properties of the produced water by piloting operations This brine has been the recent industry standard a viscosifying additive that can improve rheology, increase used in drilling operations by most operators in the area, maximum density and enhance lubricity.
Produced water has similar properties implement this approach in future drilling operations as to the brine, but by using produced water, we will increase standard procedure, where possible.
These groups include the Offshore Operators Committee (OOC) Water Subcommittee, Montney Water Operators Group (MWOG), Fox Creek Operators Group (FCOG) Water Management Sub-Committee, Kiskatinaw River Users Group, Ipieca Water Working Group and the South Texas Energy & Economic Roundtable (STEER) Water Committee.
13 Hydrocarbon Concentration US EPA regulatory limit is 29 mg/L. MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 44 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 45 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Biodiversity Protection Pre-Operations Assessments and Mitigation Planning • Internal review of targeted surface disturbance, which includes consideration of potential cumulative impacts As stewards of the environment, we seek to understand and outside our operations, including peer operators’ impacts, mitigate nature-related risks and impacts.
We have identified and determination if collaboration is possible to reduce the water use as a priority nature related dependency and actively impacts to the area.
experts from multiple disciplines, to ensure potential environmental, ecological and archaeological impacts are We also work to minimize our impacts on biodiversity and local assessed and addressed.
We are committed to protecting biodiversity and • Project areas are demarcated in mapping databases avoiding nature loss at various stages of project lifecycles.
avoidance – which is aligned with the mitigation hierarchy – is summarized below: • Avoid – In pre-operations assessments, we evaluate Our Mitigation Hierarchy potential impacts and plan for mitigative action.
In Order of Decreasing Preference • Collaborate – When possible, we consider impacts outside Murphy operations by peer and nearby operators and jointly AVOID plan actions with those operators to reduce areas of impact.
Once a project footprint has been reviewed and screened for closure spend targets based on our proportion of the immediate wildlife presence, project construction may commence.
We continue to surveil surrounding wildlife from the beginning also consider seasonality and stakeholder timing requirements stages of construction until a project is closed and/or and preferences and time certain elements of our closure and decommissioned, to help keep wildlife disturbance to a rehabilitation work to reduce seasonal impacts and to operate minimum, while protecting the safety of field employees.
with Exploitation, Completions, Production and Reservoir teams • The HSE department, led by its Vice President, Health, to assess if, instead of being decommissioned, older inactive Safety and Environmental, manages the closure of each assets could, be brought back online to create extra value for impacted area to ensure our remediation goals are met and the Company and/or be used as potential surface locations that all reporting documentation is properly finalized for for future multi-wellpad drilling, reducing the need for future governmental purposes and for landowner reporting.
process, to ensure surface land concerns are fairly balanced For example, in British Columbia, we notify landowners, local against ongoing production and development operations.
MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 47 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 48 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Spills Management rate was zero BBL spilled per MMBOE produced for 2022, substantially below our target of 2.6 BBL per MMBOE and better than the IOGP North America 2021 benchmark of 1.47 BBL per Managing spill risk is a critical element in reducing our MMBOE.
Historically, internal targets were set based on the number of spill events in any year, utilizing the International Association of Oil & Gas Producers (IOGP) calculation of Meeting AIP Target Range hydrocarbon spill events of more than 1 BBL outside secondary IOGP Spill Rate Metric containment.
In 2019, we modified the spill metric target used in our AIP to focus on our overall hydrocarbon spill volumes rather than just 2020 2021 2022 the number of events.
Based upon a review of peer data, we set our target to drive for favorable performance relative to the industry as a whole.
For the past three years, we have met our AIP target range.
Since 2003 Outperforming IOGP North America per MMBOE Produced, Industry Average Spill Rate Surpassing 2022 Spill Target MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 48 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 49 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Asset Integrity and Each asset has created integrity management programs that detail requirements for the management and review of Process Safety pressure equipment, pressure piping, pipelines, and structural and subsea integrity.
The team is structured as an international We emphasize risk-based inspections and an anomaly team providing global operational support for our integrity management approach, to optimize resource deployment.
We plan for and evaluate the integrity implement digital information systems to improve awareness of of our assets throughout the life cycle, from design, construction risk and the evaluation of inspection and anomaly data across and operations to abandonment.
Through these assessments, we identify areas international standards such as the API 510 – Pressure Vessel of higher risk and are able to run targeted projects to mitigate Inspector, API 570 – Piping Inspector and National Board risks.
These projects include construction activities as well as Pressure Equipment Inspectors, help execute our programs improved maintenance programs, such as optimized pigging and perform field inspections.
We use the results from these ILIs to support continuous 80% improvement of our integrity programs, with the aim of responding more effectively to the dynamic nature of 60% our operations.
improve the efficiency of our asset integrity program, helping Specifically, we performed 3D scans of our offshore us reduce risk to people and optimize resources.
For example, platforms and integrated these scans with our asset over the past few years, we have improved our ability to capture integrity management systems to create digital twins, or a and analyze data from field inspections within our Integrity virtual replica of our offshore processing facilities, that are management software and improved integration with other layered with asset integrity data.
With the including pressure piping, pressure equipment, offshore implementation of this technology, we have: handrails, grating, riser and structural integrity, through visual assessment, thickness measurement programs and anomaly • Improved data processing time, traceability and repair strategies.
Inspection data • Created a digital space that has enhanced is uploaded into a database that is reviewed regularly with communication between the office personnel, offshore operations, maintenance, reliability and facilities engineering, to personnel and third-party service providers, ensuring support continuous improvement of our integrity programs.
Reduced the number of offshore trips required for our operations, beyond just pipelines, for changes in pressure, site measurement, since accurate measurements can flow shutdowns or alarms, to dispatch operations personnel to be made within the system from the office.
In 2022, we introduced a new risk reduced personnel risk, as fewer people are needed to ranking to onshore well pads, through which they are evaluated travel and be offshore.
Equipment, pipelines and well pads with a higher • Improved work planning efficiency and effectiveness for risk rank and criticality are prioritized for ongoing maintenance, inspection and anomaly management tasks.
In 2018, we kicked off a multidisciplinary effort to create a focused and structured approach for process safety event Key highlights of our process safety efforts include: tracking and overall improvement, through defined key performance indicators.
Tier 1 through Tier 3 allows us to increase performance and safety by improving events are categorized as lagging indicators, which we log in our our response time to rationalized alarms.
All PSE Tier 1 and Tier 2 events are investigated for alarms, and tracking the alarms in place for improvement root cause, and we implement corrective actions to avoid repeat over time.
The data collected from the Process Safety efforts are reviewed in the HSE Steering Committee meetings with senior • Established a Management of Change (MOC) Dashboard management and also reviewed in field-level safety meetings.
This dashboard has improved start-to-closeout ensure that we understand the hazards and risks in our timing and has improved overall adherence to our business, so we can avoid them.
Hazard Analysis Revalidations (HA-Rs) of our assets to capture any changes that may have occurred, and we audit These data-focused efforts allow us to specifically target ourselves to ensure nothing was missed.
It is the responsibility of every operations employee wells in ways that will prevent loss of well control and, in the case to maintain well integrity while managing our onshore and of onshore wells, ensure the protection of freshwater aquifers.
We review to select proper materials and chemicals to ensure integrity it periodically to assess changes and continuous improvement of the wellbore and surface equipment to prevent corrosion opportunities, and have a robust Management of Change for the life of the well.
Implement careful casing design and testing – When developing casing designs, we take into account Our well integrity guidelines, policies and procedures are considerations such as temperature, pressure, bending, aligned with best practices and meet or exceed regulation and cementing, running casing, shock loading, pressure testing, industry standards around the world where we operate.
Industry lessons learned and best Floating Drilling (local) Risk Assessments Standard Operating Procedures Best Practices practices are referenced when the Murphy WWD Policy is Barrier Policy reviewed, to support continuous improvement.
The engineers work with vendors to identify and analyze technological and operational improvement opportunities for application to our assets/projects.
MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 52 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 53 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Our vendor selection process includes criteria for environmental A significant effort in our onshore business is the review of and safety performance; we choose to work with contractors reusing or expanding old pad sites in order to place new future that support our sustainability goals whenever possible.
our Long Range Plan and Budget to reclaim certain pad and road sites when applicable.
We continuously monitor offshore wells to ensure all wellbore Industry Collaboration on Well Integrity parameters stay within engineered wellbore design limits.
All of these regulated various committees and provided engineering and operational tests are verified by relevant government organizations.
We are members of the Center for Offshore Safety (COS), an Well Abandonment industry-led initiative to promote continuous safety improvement Murphy performs well abandonments according to applicable for offshore drilling, completions and operations through laws and regulations.
We work to ensure downhole isolation effective leadership, communication, teamwork, disciplined of hydrocarbon and sulfur zones, protection of any freshwater management systems and independent third-party auditing and aquifers, and to prevent migration of formation fluids within the certification.
We are also working with vendors on new product development to reduce overall chemical usage, and conducting audits of Murphy employs a continuous optimization approach to the chemical program efficacy and other HSE aspects.
We focus on using production- and integrity-related chemicals, Key improvements recently achieved include: to maintain process and utility system integrity, reduce overall usage of chemicals that are discharged with the produced water • Upgrade of pump infrastructure based on historic and and reduce risks associated with the transportation and handling forecast usages and the identification of operational of materials, as well as transportation-related emissions.
Conducting technology trials of new produced water We require chemical vendors to commit to improvements in treatment and chemicals at our Delta House facilities sustainability and safety.
required dosage rate could be reduced by over 50% for For example, we are proactively piloting a replacement for a start-up operations corrosion inhibitor used on one Gulf of Mexico facility.
In Canada, Murphy is aligned with the CAPP and participates • Communication Plan – We have a process in place to in its induced seismicity working groups for both the Kaybob manage efficient communication between operations Duvernay and Tupper Montney.
to drill wells that must be “made up” or added back into the process from well to well, while optimizing the overall well control We use specific synthetic-based drilling fluids that reduce process.
The centralized location for onshore drilling, completions and well management improves our production, safety For example, we use enhanced computer models and and environmental performance by bringing together key databases to assist in risk-based asset integrity management, information and experts in one location.
We also use a collection The ROC monitors pipeline pressures 24 hours a day, which of mobile-based applications, as well as our onshore ROC, prevents spills and also improves safety and environmental to address real-time situations, including remote shutdowns, performance, by reducing the time technicians spend on the with operator route optimization.
We work with our chemical supplier, utilizing a dashboard that allows us to This center achieves real-time frac optimization, along with monitor chemical injection rates down to the well level, as multidisciplinary interaction, with a focus on completions well as to compile and trend all lab testing data that is crucial and minimizing impacts between the other wells.
challenging wells, along with re-fracs, pre-loads, sequencing and potential cube development to enhance well designs and These applications help us to avoid potential incidents and continually improve execution.
This incidents, these systems also reduce emissions and safety improves the Company’s safety culture, reduces downtime risks by minimizing the driving time spent manually checking and provides valuable insights into making the business equipment.
Murphy’s US onshore team is also implementing a newly This further enhances our machine learning, which improves developed software we will pair with our ROC group to predictions and optimizes field development programs, enhance visibility and efficiency of field operations.
The Smart including well targeting and spacing through fiber optics, micro Planning Engine (SPE) is an in-house Integrated Planning seismic, seismic inversion and fully coupled 3D models.
Process Tool that allows all parts of our organization to view daily improvements are often driven by the need to integrate planned events and optimize worker interactions, and also to systems and improve digital maturity for gapless data.
We reduce reaction time to downtime events.
With visibility on invest significant time and effort to normalize and clean the all staff locations and work tasks, we can quickly monitor and data, so decision-makers can work with more reliable data.
We believe this example, our completions hydraulic fracturing dataset employs greater visibility will ultimately continue to improve our safety fuzzy logic to establish the link between the completions data and emissions performance, by allowing for better planning, and other data sources, like geology, drilling and reservoir.
quicker reaction times and by helping us place the right people to respond to events that may impact our emissions Murphy also works to improve onshore and offshore rig on a daily basis.
GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Murphy is committed to conducting Our President and Chief Executive Officer is responsible for the Company’s execution of our HSE Policy.
The EAC works to ensure that the Company has appropriate management systems in place to partners, as well as the communities in monitor and review compliance with applicable rules, regulations, which we work.
We aim to send all our industry standards, protocols and international conventions.
In addition, the HSE Steering Committee, comprised of cross-functional leadership Our comprehensive Worldwide Health, Safety and across the organization, including Operations, Engineering, Environmental Policy and Health, Safety and Environmental Supply Chain and Finance, meets on a quarterly basis to discuss (HSE) Management System apply to all Murphy operations current status and Company goals pertaining to health, safety worldwide.
Implementation of Murphy’s HSE Policy is assigned to the Vice We strive to achieve top-quartile safety performance as President, Health, Safety and Environmental.
In 1993, the Murphy Board established a Health, Safety and Safety has been included in Murphy’s Annual Incentive Plan (AIP) Environment Committee to govern the Company’s health, safety since 2008.
Since then, the Committee has a safety goal based on the Company’s Total Recordable Incident expanded its responsibilities to include corporate responsibility Rate (TRIR), and two environmental goals based on our global matters and was renamed the Health, Safety, Environment and spill rate and greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions intensity.
The HSE&CR 2022, the Compensation Committee of the Board increased the Committee meets at least twice annually to receive relevant combined total weighting of these ESG metrics from 15% to 20% updates and review policies, compliance reports, goals and to reflect further emphasis in these areas.
Annual Incentive Plan (AIP) for Compensation 20% ESG Metrics Weighting Increased to Reflect Emphasis 15% 20% Safety Environmental 15% + + = AIP CO 2 TRIR Spills GHG Intensity 2021 ESG Metrics 2022 ESG Metrics 2021 ESG Metrics 2022 ESG Metrics Other AIP Metrics Other AIP Metrics MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 60 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 61 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Health, Safety and contractors and partners associated with Murphy operations and facilities, and provides a consistent method for integrating Environmental Management HSE concepts into our procedures and programs.
For details on the environmental aspect, please see the Environmental We strive to achieve incident-free operations through Protection and Conservation section (see ).
continuous improvement processes managed by Murphy’s HSE Management System (HSE-MS), which engages all personnel, The HSE-MS Consists of Four Levels 1 2 HSE GLOBAL GLOBAL POLICY STANDARDS
Facility Training and 8 5 Design and Competency Construction 7 6 Contractor Operational Control Management and Maintenance MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 61 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 62 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Safety Performance Meeting AIP Target Range Monitoring and TRIR Safety Metric Measurement 2020 2021 2022
Each year, we set a TRIR15 target for executives and employees as part of our AIP.
In 2022, we met our annual target range.
Performance improvement remains a key focus as we continue to expand operations in the coming year.
Total Recordable Incident Rate Per 200,000 Work Hours Per 200,000 Work Hours Lost Time Incident Rate16 (LTIR), inclusive of actual contractor 1 hours worked, improved year-on-year, from 0.04 in 2021 to Workforce 0.03 in 2022.
In addition to reporting our TRIR, LTIR and number of fatalities, we also internally track the following safety Lost Time Incident Rate Lost Time Incident Rate performance indicators, to drive continual improvements in Per 200,000 Work Hours Per 200,000 Work Hours safety performance: 0.5 • First-aid incidents • Near-miss incidents, including high-potential near- 0.4 Workforce misses that trigger formal incident investigations LTIR 63% 0.3 • Non-occupational incidents decrease •
MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 62 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 63 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Health and Safety Certification and Audit Our HSE-MS and Global Standard for Evaluation and Improvement require each Murphy business unit to conduct internal HSE field audits every three years.
The US Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement (BSEE) conducts regular inspections of our offshore facilities and drilling rigs to ensure safety and environmental compliance across our Gulf of Mexico operations.
After obtaining certification, we have continuously improved our performance through audits, scoring higher year after year as a result of internal program enhancements.
We management, employees and contractors together to work hard to build a culture of safety across our organization. demonstrate a unified commitment to safety.
Elements of Stop- (1) the executive level, where Murphy’s senior leadership meets Work Authority are: (1) You must stop the job if you see an with key contractors to set clear expectations of our commitment unsafe act or condition.
(4) In all cases, feedback and input on how we can collaborate and improve our when you stop the job, if you cannot make it right yourself, safety performance.
We continue to build strong partnerships discuss any concerns with your supervisor before starting work with our contractors to ensure an overall, unified HSE culture for again.
We assess our performance by efforts to improve overall safety performance.
Our offshore teams Murphy targets safety improvements and efficiency gains conduct weekly Risk-Based Inspections (RBIs), which allow throughout our operations with tactics such as data sharing and small crews to focus on equipment or processes to ensure any machine learning, which optimize field development programs potential hazards are being captured.
Vehicle Safety In 2022, Murphy continued to improve vehicle safety by installing a vehicle monitoring system in all Company vehicles.
This approach provides the opportunity for goes a step further and performs a detailed bridging process, strengthened partnerships with the contractors and improves where all the service provider’s HSE policies and procedures are their organizations’ requirements prior to performing work at individually evaluated against Murphy’s policies and procedures.
In 2022, six training courses were provided in support of the 13 tabletop and major response exercises conducted across the organization.
For all drills the field level and exercises conducted by Murphy, an after-action review is performed to help identify and improve any gaps in our processes and procedures.
For example, for our Gulf of Mexico operations, we management, site monitoring and surveillance and security work closely with the Offshore Operators Committee (OOC) and assessments, along with security guards in the field and police the Centre of Offshore Safety.
Our employees the Murphy Security and Emergency Response Manager. sit on various subcommittees and workgroups of these organizations.
The Security and Emergency Response Manager belongs to multiple security and law enforcement working groups and committees, and monitors security events and intelligence reports from law enforcement.
MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 68 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 69 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE 4 Investing in Our People Diversity, Equity Benefits 14,000+ and Inclusion Package Training Courses continuous focus with reviewed and offered to our new programs enhanced workforce MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 69 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 70 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE
We also offer to all employees a broad range of creating an inclusive culture where educational programs on topics such as “Maintaining a Cohesive Multigenerational Workforce,” and “Women, Confidence and members of our workforce support and Leadership,” while also sharing resources specific to practicing inclusiveness.
The Board’s Compensation Committee oversees to recognize annual DE&I milestones, like Black History Month, and reviews the Company’s key human capital management Hispanic Heritage Month, Asia Pacific American Heritage Month strategies, planning and assessments annually to ensure and Veterans Day, and by also offering employees opportunities alignment with our short- and long-term business goals.
Our Vice Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Committee President, Human Resources and Administration, has overall The Diversity, Equity and Inclusion committee, which consists of managerial accountability for our human capital management volunteer employees at various levels in the organization, acts and DE&I strategies and programs.
The committee is responsible for reviewing and recommending initiatives and partnerships that Inclusion build upon our DE&I strategy and support our Mission, Vision, Values and Behaviors.
The committee is sponsored by the Vice The rich experiences and backgrounds of our employees President, Human Resources and Administration, and led by our strengthen our Company, create a productive workforce and Senior Manager, Human Resources.
We partner with many organizations to increase the diversity of “The rich experiences and candidates in our talent pipeline.
create a productive workforce We equip managers with tools to support inclusive hiring, including an interview guide to reinforce a fair and equitable and contribute to our success.
In 2022, we continued with the practice of blind résumé screening for select roles, which involves removing We are committed to creating candidate names and other identifiable characteristics to reduce any unconscious biases.
In 2021 and 2022, we provided a Rating Bias training for leaders as part of our formal performance everyone can respectfully share management process, which aims to help leaders build awareness of and then address potential biases that may and be their authentic self.”
In compiling the data, we categorize employees according to the US Department of Labor’s Equal Employment Opportunity Workforce Demographics 9 1 691 Total Employees 3% 3% 6% 26 10% 26% By Country By Age By Tenure of location years of service 54% 30% 68% 655 US Canada Vietnam Mexico Under 30 30 to 50 Over 50 < 5 5-9 10-14 15-19 20+ Representation of Women 201817 2019 202018 2021 2022 US and International Executive and Senior-Level Managers 16% 14% 12% 12% 16% First- and Mid-Level Managers 20% 22% 17% 18% 22% Professionals 36% 34% 34% 34% 35% Other (Administrative Support and Field) 20% 20% 7% 7% 5% Total 28% 27% 21% 21% 21% Representation of Minorities 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 US-based Only Executive and Senior-Level Managers 8% 9% 12% 18% 26% First- and Mid-Level Managers 24% 24% 23% 22% 26% Professionals 25% 29% 33% 34% 39% Other (Administrative Support and Field) 32% 36% 31% 31% 30% Total 27% 29% 30% 30% 33% 17 2018 data includes employees in Malaysia.
MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 71 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 72 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE In 2022, while our percentage of total women did not change SUPPORT EACH OTHER from 2021, women in leadership roles improved.
Our overall percentage of racial/ethnic minority employees improved from Our DE&I Journey 2021, as well as racial/ethnic minorities in the leadership and professional categories.
Since then, the DE&I Committee, in partnership with Human Resources and with Pay Equity the support of executive leadership, has: We are committed to a fair and living wage for all employees.
Murphy also reviews • Developed a dedicated resource page on the external market data to ensure fair and competitive compensation Company’s intranet practices both for employees and new hires.
When immediate talent is organizations that support DE&I not available, we ensure proper training is offered.
In 2022, • Focused on community engagements to support the the percentage of local nationals was 100% in Canada and recognition of DE&I group milestones 89% in Vietnam.
In the fall of 2022, the DE&I Committee and Human Ongoing Efforts Resources participated in a workshop to reassess DE&I initiatives and develop program strategies.
One of the We will continue to build upon our workplace DE&I efforts, outcomes of the workshop was the creation of Murphy’s with a focus in 2023 on developing employee resource groups DE&I definition, which aligns with our Mission, Vision, Values (ERGs), expanding university partnerships, and offering targeted and Behaviors, as seen below.
For example, Murphy is committed to our supplier diversity and expanding partnerships with minority-, women-, veteran-, and LGBTQ-owned businesses or Promoting a workplace of diverse DIVERSITY designated as a small business owner by the US Small Business thoughts, experiences and identities.
For the second consecutive year, we have received recognition from the Greater Houston Partnership as a “Best Place for Working Parents®,” for our commitment to supporting working parents through our family-friendly policies and practices.
Other Paid Leave with flexible benefits for bereavement, In 2022, we expanded our benefits package to further support jury duty and military leave our diverse workforce, including: • Vacation Policy – eligible employees may roll over a • Expanded mental health network of providers and coverage week of vacation each year for behavioral health •
Floating Holidays • Moved to a healthcare provider with enhanced resources • Flexible Spending Account – healthcare and focusing on wellness, healthy lifestyles and ease of dependent care employee accessibility, with improved technology • Short-Term Disability Plan Wellness • Long-Term Disability Insurance Murphy offered a host of programs and educational sessions • Occupational Accidental Death Insurance in 2022 to support employees’ wellness.
In 2023, we implemented a tool that builds individualized 1 Women, Confidence training plans that align with personal career goals.
Through the guidance, support and network that mentorship provides, employees are enabled Learning, our internal Learning to develop technical or non-technical acumen, deepen their understanding of the Company’s values and culture, Management System, we and build leadership skills and diverse skills.
and technical courses, with employee training time totaling Leadership and professional development investments in 2022 included: 12,808 hours, for a total spend • Online My Murphy Learning programs for all employees of approximately $770,000.
Opportunities for all employees focused on increasing productivity and improving effectiveness • Leadership development through microlearning courses • Supervisor Toolkit providing training for individuals entering into a first-time supervisory role MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 74 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 75 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Murphy leadership strongly believes in encouraging and supporting its people who wish to continue their education.
Murphy employees represent the Company through several professional networks, affording them an opportunity for learning and development, sharing best practices and expertise throughout the industry, and supporting sustainable development in our local communities.
By supporting initiatives like these, we are investing in our communities, while building a recruitment pipeline for our Company and industry.
This fund epitomizes how our employees live out our we conducted an annual global employee survey to better values of supporting each other and making it better.
Top strengths identified were employees feeling supported and respected, We track global voluntary employee turnover, broken down by being informed of Murphy’s goals and trust in our leadership.
In 2022, the Company’s global voluntary turnover quarterly, providing employees a forum to be informed and rate increased to 11%.
In response to the survey outcomes, we partnered with employees and leaders across Murphy’s Ambassador Program is a group of employees from the organization to build action plans to improve retention.
For example, based on the feedback, we The Ambassadors’ mission is to be the voice of every employee, enhanced programs to support retention such as “Dress for to live out the Purpose, Mission, Vision, Values and Behaviors of Your Day” policy, our summer remote work program and Murphy, and to empower other employees to do the same.
We also encourage employee participation and open communication at the grassroots level, through the Ambassadors, DE&I Committee, department town halls and interactive sessions with our leaders and executives.
Workforce Metrics 201819 2019 2020 2021 2022 Employee Count (Total Company) 1,108 823 67520 696 691 Median Age 42 43 42 43 42 Employee Turnover (Voluntary) 8% 10% 6% 6% 11% Leveraging Digital and Process Transformation to Increase Focus on Employee Engagement In the journey toward excellence, the Human Resources team embarked on a digital and process transformation in 2021 and 2022.
Manual processes that would take from one day to a week were reduced to 30 minutes and half a day, respectively.
Increased automation allowed the Human Resources team to shift from day-to-day transactional activities to focus on strategic business solutions that drive process improvement and innovation.
The Health, Safety, Environment and Corporate Responsibility When we are considering starting a business operation in (HSE&CR) Board Committee has oversight on policies a new country, we assess the nontechnical, aboveground and matters pertaining to communities, human rights and risks.
Working With Communities We seek opportunities to support local communities when negotiating and entering production-sharing contracts, for example through: When possible, we work in partnership with our communities to understand our impacts and opportunities to succeed together.
Prioritization of local suppliers We seek to participate in constructive community engagement • Investment opportunities for local content and maximize our positive impacts on local communities, while minimizing any negative impacts.
Before we make an investment • Specifications for local companies or workers or commence any new operation, we follow processes to • Commitments to social investment programs, to address the identify local community and stakeholder concerns and work development needs of the community and/or contribute to to effectively mitigate any known associated risks.
Under this framework and as As part of our commitment to our host country, Murphy has part of the exploration drilling activities carried out in 2022, worked with local Mexico state governments to put forward Murphy identified students and young professionals for initiatives that benefit the communities, with a focus on internship opportunities.
take sound readings again after implementing mitigations We are committed to ongoing consultation with local to confirm the noise is under the defined decibel level.
We implement recommendations of the participate on several community relations committees: the noise impact studies on a case-by-case basis.
The CAPL FAM Committee’s purpose is to bring together operators in British Columbia, Alberta and Saskatchewan to collectively address issues encountered by the surface land groups of various operators, and collectively find solutions to those issues.
In its Mexico operations, Murphy conducted a social impact assessment and established responsibilities that are aligned with regulatory requirements, including regular interface with community members, and building consensus on an approach to improve the overall welfare of the communities affected by our operations.
When engaging policy acknowledges our long-standing commitment to the and collaborating with Indigenous groups, Murphy respects the dignity and rights of all people and formalized our practices spirit and intent of the United Nations Declaration on the Rights to protect these rights.
Our policy includes a commitment and of Indigenous Peoples (UNDRIP) and its guiding principles, process to identify and reasonably eliminate or minimize any within the context of existing Canadian law and the associated negative impact our activities may have on human rights in the commitments and roles that governments in those jurisdictions communities where we do business.
We recognize the function of government as the primary source of policy and protection for human rights and are committed to respect and comply with the laws of the countries where we do business.
Our Board mandates adherence to these policies, which extend Concerns raised by any community stakeholder will to our vendors, suppliers, contractors and partners through be reviewed, investigated and resolved through our our written polices, contracts, directives and training.
Telephone: +1.877.808.1601 Website: www.MyComplianceReport.com (enter Access ID: MOC) Compliance Officer: +1.281.675.9000 MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 80 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 81 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Investing in Our We also work with the American Petroleum Institute (API), National Ocean Industries Association (NOIA) and local Communities chambers of commerce and business councils to support community and workforce capacity building.
We support our communities through strategic subcommittee promoting the hiring of non-degreed skilled partnerships with organizations that work on developing personnel.
By supporting initiatives like these, we are investing communities, philanthropy and employee volunteerism.
Murphy executives volunteer on the boards of several industry, Community Economic Development and academic and nongovernmental organizations, including the Workforce Capacity Building API, TXOGA, Louisiana Mid-Continent Oil and Gas Association We invest in our communities to build the local workforce, expand (LMOGA), Louisiana State University Foundation, Greater opportunities and support specific community needs.
They are strategic Partnership’s Executive Women’s Partnership, National Charity investments in the communities that support us, and increase the League, United Way Women’s Initiative of Houston and Boy critical talents and services we and our communities need.
Murphy is a founding member of the South Texas Energy & Economic Roundtable (STEER) program in the Eagle Ford “We view our efforts to support Shale.
How We Support Our Communities Strategic Partnerships Philanthropy Employee Volunteerism MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 81 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 82 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Local Hiring Economic Impact Where possible, we prioritize hiring locally, which allows us In addition to delivering a financial benefit to our stockholders, to contribute to the communities in which we operate.
For we provide economic support to communities where we our operations outside the US, the majority of our people are operate, through direct and indirect employment, payments to nationals of the local host country.
not available, we ensure proper training is offered.
2022 Economic Impact Highlights $226 $959 $91 MILLION MILLION MILLION Paid in Payroll, Incentives Paid in Royalty, Lease Paid in Taxes and Other and Payroll Taxes and Surface Payments Remittances21 in Our Operating Jurisdictions Essential jobs that support Royalty payments to landowners Tax revenues enable government our employees, their families for their part in oil and natural agencies to improve local and communities in becoming gas production.
We focus on issues that will have the greatest impact for our local communities and employees while building on For more than half a century, Murphy has been committed to our long-standing commitment and legacy to educational giving and volunteering in our communities.
Some of our 2022 efforts include: efforts, we have built effective partnerships with educational, civic and charitable initiatives in the communities in which we Education and Training Health and Well-Being Civic and Community • Participated in the Read Across • Hosted wellness sessions for • Financial contribution and America program employees volunteering efforts for United Way • Partnered with Spring Branch • Volunteered at the Houston Food • Volunteered for an Earth Day park Independent School District, Bank beautification project in Houston Houston • Sponsored MS150 team to raise • Hosted Adopt-A-Beach at • Participated in the Texas Diversity funds for the National Multiple Galveston to clean up the Council Summer Youth Program at Sclerosis Society’s mission shoreline Rice University • Hosted a blood drive for the Gulf • Raised money for Women’s Shelter • Supported API SkillsReady and Coast Regional Blood Center in Carrizo Springs, Texas Opportunity@Work
The contractor building the remaining 8.3 miles of elevated LA 1 highway to Port Fourchon is currently building a T-Wall in the Improvement Project: Preserving an Energy South Lafourche Levee where the elevated portion will cross Security, Economic and Safety Lifeline over the levee.
The elevated highway is set to roadway supporting Port Fourchon, the United States’ busiest be complete and open in 2027.
term partnership with the United Way began over 50 years ago, and has served to increase employees’ awareness Through our Employee Gift Matching Program, offered to of the needs of their fellow citizens.
The Company local United Way through its employees’ generosity and increases its match of contributions 2:1 for educational and gift matching.
Employee Gift Matching Donations in 2022 6% “We are so grateful to Murphy Oil Corporation for its ongoing support of our work through the annual campaign 11% and their commitment to volunteerism.
Their generous support has also put them among our Chairman’s Division donors for the MATCHED past eight years.
Amanda McMillian President and Chief Executive Officer Education Civic and Community United Way of Greater Houston Health and Human Services Culture and Arts Employee Volunteerism We recognize and support the positive impact our employees make.
In 2023, our Vice President, Investor Relations and Communication, was recognized as a Community Leader for the Year by the Murphy receiving the President’s Volunteer Service Greater Houston Women’s Chamber of Commerce for her support Award from the Houston Food Bank of women and girls in their communities and the workplace.
Committing to Serving the Needs of Students and Teachers With the relocation of our headquarters to the Spring Branch Independent School District (SBISD) in Houston, we were eager to build on and honor our strong legacy of championing educational causes.
We initiated the partnership with a donation to the school to improve its fine arts program.
Some of our other activities included sponsoring an appreciation luncheon for more than 80 staff members to ensure they feel valued and supported; hosting a book drive to provide students with a new or gently used book from a wish list prepared by the school to help them build their home library; and providing students taking standardized tests with a nutritious snack bag and an encouraging good luck card.
“We are so grateful to Murphy for their commitment and strategic support of Edgewood Elementary.
When the field staff heard that one of our own had family impacted by the Uvalde tragedy, they quickly mobilized to lend support to the affected TEXAS community.
MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 86 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 87 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Governance and 6 Responsible Business Practices Board ESG Metrics in Stockholder Diversity Annual Incentive Plan Engagement 30% by gender, increased with nearly 50% ownership 10% by ethnicity from 15% to 20% in 2022 MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 87 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 89 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Stakeholder Engagement President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary and our Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications, oversee our robust engagement framework.
Input from stakeholders helps to We view our stakeholders as important partners and actively guide and improve our efforts in the short and long term.
Stakeholders Engagement Channels Details Stockholders • Annual stockholder meeting Our Approach to ESG, • Equity conferences, debt conferences and investor non-deal roadshows Stockholder Engagement, see below • One-on-one investor discussions, including ESG-focused meetings 2023 Proxy Statement Contact our Investor Relations team Contact our Corporate Secretary Employees • Quarterly town hall meetings Investing in Our People, • Employee engagement surveys Building a Culture of Safety, • Murphy Ambassador Program Worldwide Health, Safety • Employee resource groups and Environmental Policy • Professional development programs Third-Party Ethics Hotline •
Wellness programs • Safety trainings and Safety Culture surveys • Ethics trainings and hotline Suppliers and • Assessments and engagement meetings Building a Culture of Safety, Contractors • Quarterly Business Reviews Contractor Management, • Reviews and audits Supplier Code of Conduct • Safety trainings and Safety Culture surveys, and exercise drills Worldwide Health, Safety • Monthly safety meetings and Environmental Policy • ISNetworld (ISN) Landowners, • Designated grievance and resolution mechanisms for different parties, Working With Communities, Indigenous including Indigenous populations Investing in Our Communities, • Ongoing engagement with parties Groups and Local Owner relations number and website •
Participation in select health, safety and environmental (HSE) meetings, Health and Safety Certification and Audit, and Regulatory inspections and events Public Advocacy, • Legislative and regulatory engagement Agencies • Industry collaboration groups and trade associations Others: Peers, • Peer engagement through working groups, seminars and trade associations Industry Associations, Universities, • Joint research programs Investing in Our Communities, NGOs • Outreach and partnership with NGOs Stockholder Engagement In 2022, we offered one-on-one discussions with our 25 largest institutional investors, who hold approximately 60% of the We value the feedback and insights that we receive from Company’s outstanding shares.
Investors, holding nearly 50% of our stockholders through ongoing dialogue.
During 2022, the Company’s outstanding shares, responded favorably to the we participated in 24 investor events and met with over 300 opportunity to share their views and provided meaningful input.
institutional investors to solicit their input on the strengths and weaknesses of the Company’s strategy, corporate governance, For more information on our stockholder engagement process executive compensation and sustainability.
MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 89 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 92 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Risk Management Strategy Technology People Process Murphy utilizes industry-leading All Murphy personnel are required to Murphy’s cybersecurity framework is technologies that focus on continuous complete cybersecurity training annually aligned with industry-recognized standards monitoring and analytics built on advanced and have access to an ever-evolving catalog such as the NIST 800 series and ISO 27000 machine learning and artificial intelligence, of over 200 cybersecurity courses.
In response to the increasing threat climate, Murphy IT employs an industry-leading Murphy has forged strong partnerships Murphy further enhanced security of its security awareness and education platform with the Department of Homeland Security devices in 2022 by aligning protection of to assess our users’ vigilance toward social (DHS), FBI, ONG-ISAC and numerous top removable media, browsers, remote access engineering attacks, such as phishing and security companies.
These and Technology (NIST) and International risk users in targeted awareness-training collaborations provide Murphy insights Organization for Standardization (ISO) campaigns.
We ensure our business-critical systems Our security professionals recognize With the business need for rapidly evolving are available 24/7/365, by employing a the criticality of remaining up to date on skills and technologies, we understand proactive disaster avoidance strategy emerging threats, breaches and cyber the importance of engaging service that focuses on resilience, in addition to risks.
By building effective redundancy working on the Murphy cybersecurity team Murphy holds these service providers in our business-critical systems, we have have earned and maintained industry- to a high standard and routinely reviews reduced the recovery time of these systems related certifications in 2023.
executive leadership and a renewed commitment from the Cybersecurity team, we achieved over an 80% reduction in the number of users failing phishing tests from 2020 to the first quarter of 2023.
We did so by testing our users more PPhhisihsihngin Fgai lT Reastet UFnadielr RTaartgeet frequently, providing more awareness training options and 18% building a phishing dashboard for increased visibility and 16% awareness.
14% • Testing cyber incident response capabilities effectively 12% across the Company – We successfully conducted multiple cyber drills to assess Murphy’s Cyber Incident Response 10% Plan and personnel readiness across various functions 8% involving executive management (including the Chief 6% Target = 5% Executive Officer), key operations personnel and our MSSPs.
0% 2020 2021 2022 1Q 2023 • Implementing around the clock protection – We deployed a 24/7/365 enhanced monitoring and remediation service to Fail Rate Target Linear Fail Rate quickly respond to and contain cyber threats.
Building the foundation for a world-class Threat Intelligence Program – We made a significant strategic investment to upgrade our threat intelligence capabilities, Murphy’s Managed Extended Detection and Response by partnering with a leading security service provider.
However, we recognize cyberthreats are constantly evolving and we are committed to cultivating a culture of security, remaining vigilant and continually improving our cybersecurity environment and controls.
MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 93 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 94 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Ethical Business Conduct letter and video introduction from our Chief Executive Officer The Murphy Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (Code reiterating our commitment to our policies and values.
We regularly monitor the hotline and other reports of We are committed to human rights and Indigenous rights and potential misconduct and address them consistently, promptly have published these policies on our website.
We have structures in place to process of human rights and Indigenous rights can be found in the whistleblower reports; specifically, we investigate violations of Community Engagement section of this report (see ).
The Code of Business Conduct applies to all directors, executives and employees of Murphy Oil Corporation and its subsidiaries, as well as all contractors who perform work for Murphy, work at Murphy’s facilities or otherwise perform work Committed to Ethics on behalf of Murphy.
Individuals either hired as employees The Code of Business Conduct is designed to emphasize or engaged as a contractor are required to complete training the commitment necessary for those working for Murphy to on the Code of Business Conduct, as well as specific training act with integrity, including: regarding topics including anti-bribery and corruption, ethics and anti-harassment.
In 2022, we published a comprehensive • Commitment to corporate citizenship requires Supplier Code of Conduct, which is discussed on .
Commitment to each other promotes Murphy as a Our executive leadership team is trained on and expected to safe place to work, including freedom from bullying, adhere to an enhanced standard of compliance with the rules discrimination and harassment.
Commitment to global business laws emphasizes that We take violations of our policies seriously and inform antitrust and other competition laws are adhered to and employees that it is their duty to report suspected violations.
Employees may contact the Company’s public disclosures and the protection of confidential Corporate Compliance Officer or the Audit Committee of the information and intellectual property.
Our auditors to avoid conflicts of interest and prohibits competitive periodically conduct audits to ensure internal compliance with relationships, misuse of Company assets and giving or the Code of Business Conduct, and the results of these audits, receiving inappropriate gifts and favors.
Because we as well as statistics regarding reports and their resolution, are take the issue so seriously, Murphy has a separate Anti- reported to the Audit Committee.
A detailed definition of what is A Compliance and Ethics website on the Company’s intranet considered bribery and corruption is outlined on the first emphasizes our commitment and facilitates access for our page of the Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy.
We promote laws and regulations that improvement, as outlined in our Code of Business Conduct.
As part of our procurement process for operational vendors, a supplier qualification process is conducted in collaboration with In Canada, we disclose payments to the government, in various parts of the organization to ensure vendor suitability, compliance with the Extractive Sector Transparency Measures based on an array of considerations.
We • Safety record review our trade association memberships on a regular basis • Financial stability to ensure alignment on industry and policy priorities, as well as to ensure the organizations’ effectiveness and value for our • Environmental record Company and stockholders.
Business alignment Murphy is currently a member of the following industry trade • Local content associations and initiatives: the American Petroleum Institute, As part of our standard contracts, suppliers must comply with Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers, Center for all applicable laws and regulations, including in HSE, conflicts Offshore Safety, Environmental Partnership, Greater Houston of interest, anti-corruption/Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, Partnership, HWCG, Ipieca, Louisiana Mid-Continent Oil and must maintain any applicable licensing or permitting and Gas Association, National Ocean Industries Association, requirements for their services.
Murphy actively contracts with local and Indigenous suppliers Our positions on key ESG issues do not always align exactly with across various international regions where we operate, in those of the industry associations and other groups of which we accordance with local law.
Therefore, our membership does not necessarily indicate our support for all the organizations’ positions.
MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 95 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 96 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Supplier Diversity We are working to increase the diversity of our supplier base as Diversity of Qualified Supplier Base part of our commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion.
This Supplier Code of Conduct ensures that all our various suppliers, including security contractors, are held to the same ethical standards as those required of Murphy personnel in Murphy’s own internal Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and Human Rights Policy.
We believe that Murphy and our business partners holding each other mutually accountable to high ethical standards will help ensure that all parties strive to observe Murphy’s ideal of “Do Right Always.”
Scope 3 emissions on an individual company basis are not an indicator whether global GHG emissions are being reduced and do not provide context of how GHG emissions fit within the global energy system.
 Reviewing the presentation of information relevant to the scope of our work in the Report to ensure consistency with our findings.
Our processes are designed and implemented to ensure that the work we undertake is objective, impartial and free from bias and conflict of interest.
Code Metric Location Greenhouse Gas Emissions EM-EP-110a.1 Gross global Scope 1 emissions, percentage methane, percentage covered under Performance Data, emissions-limiting regulations EM-EP-110a.2 Amount of gross global Scope 1 emissions from: (1) flared hydrocarbons, (2) other Performance Data, combustion, (3) process emissions, (4) other vented emissions and (5) fugitive emissions EM-EP-110a.3 Discussion of long-term and short-term strategy or plan to manage Scope 1 emissions, Improving emissions reduction targets, and an analysis of performance against those targets Our Emissions Performance, Air Quality EM-EP-112a.1 Air emissions of the following pollutants: (1) NO (excluding N O), (2) SO , (3) volatile Performance Data, X 2 X organic compounds (VOCs), and (4) particulate matter (PM ) ; Improving 10 Our Emissions Performance: Combustion, Water Management EM-EP-140a.1 (1) Total fresh water withdrawn, (2) total fresh water consumed, percentage of each in Performance Data, regions with high or extremely high baseline water stress ; Water Management, EM-EP-140a.2 Volume of produced water and flowback generated; percentage (1) discharged, (2) Performance Data, injected, (3) recycled; hydrocarbon content in discharged water EM-EP-140a.3 Percentage of hydraulically fractured wells for which there is public disclosure of all Performance Data, fracturing fluid chemicals used ; Chemical Stewardship, EM-EP-140a.4 Percentage of hydraulic fracturing sites where ground or surface water quality Performance Data, deteriorated compared to a baseline ; Water Management, ; Well Integrity, Biodiversity Impacts EM-EP-160a.1 Description of environmental management policies and practices for active sites Biodiversity Protection, EM-EP-160a.2 Number and aggregate volume of hydrocarbon spills, volume in Arctic, volume Performance Data, impacting shorelines with ESI rankings 8-10, and volume recovered EM-EP-160a.3 Percentage of (1) proved and (2) probable reserves in or near sites with protected Performance Data, conservation status or endangered species habitat MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 109 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 110 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Code Metric Location Human Rights and Community Relations EM-EP-210a.1 Percentage of (1) proved and (2) probable reserves in or near areas of conflict Performance Data, EM-EP-210a.2 Percentage of (1) proved and (2) probable reserves in or near Indigenous land Performance Data, EM-EP-210a.3 Discussion of engagement processes and due diligence practices with respect to Community human rights, Indigenous rights and operation in areas of conflict Engagement, ; Human Rights and Indigenous Rights Policies on website EM-EP-210b.1 Discussion of process to manage risks and opportunities associated with community Community rights and interests Engagement, ; Stakeholder Engagement, EM-EP-210b.2 Number and duration of nontechnical delays Performance Data, Workforce Health and Safety EM-EP-320a.1 (1) Total recordable incident rate (TRIR), (2) fatality rate, (3) near-miss frequency rate Performance Data, (NMFR), and (4) average hours of health, safety and emergency response training for ; Safety (a) full-time employees, (b) contract employees and (c) short-service employees Performance Monitoring and Measurement, EM-EP-320a.2 Discussion of management systems used to integrate a culture of safety throughout Protecting Our People, the exploration and production lifecycle Reserves Valuation and Capital Expenditures EM-EP-420a.1 Sensitivity of hydrocarbon reserve levels to future price projection scenarios that Climate Strategy, page account for a price on carbon emissions 29 EM-EP-420a.2 Estimated carbon dioxide emissions embedded in proved hydrocarbon reserves - EM-EP-420a.3 Amount invested in renewable energy, revenue generated by renewable energy sales Performance Data, EM-EP-420a.4 Discussion of how price and demand for hydrocarbons and/or climate regulation Climate Strategy, page influence the capital expenditure strategy for exploration, acquisition and development 29 of assets MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 110 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 111 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Code Metric Location Business Ethics and Transparency EM-EP-510a.1 Percentage of (1) proved and (2) probable reserves in countries that have the 20 lowest Performance Data, rankings in Transparency International’s Corruption Perception Index EM-EP-510a.2 Description of the management system for prevention of corruption and bribery Ethical Business throughout the value chain Conduct, ; Supply Chain Management, ; Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy and Supplier Code of Conduct on website Management of the Legal and Regulatory Environment EM-EP-530a.1 Discussion of corporate positions related to government regulations and/or policy Climate Risk proposals that address environmental and social factors affecting the industry Management, ; Working With Communities, ; Human Rights, ; Investing in Our Communities, Critical Incident Risk Management EM-EP-540a.1 Process Safety Event (PSE) rates for Loss of Primary Containment (LOPC) of greater Performance Data, consequence (Tier 1) EM-EP-540a.2 Description of management systems used to identify and mitigate catastrophic and Asset Integrity and tail-end risks Process Safety, ; Well Integrity, ; Chemical Stewardship, ; Seismicity, ; Protecting Our People, ; Emergency Response and Preparedness, Activity Metric EM-EP-000.A Production of: (1) oil, (2) natural gas, (3) synthetic oil and (4) synthetic gas 2022 SEC Form 10-K EM-EP-000.B Number of offshore sites 2022 SEC Form 10-K
Matters Most, ; Climate Risk Management, ; Enterprise Risk Management, Metrics used by the organization to assess climate-related risks and opportunities in line Climate Metrics and with its strategy and risk management process Targets, Scope 1, Scope 2 and, if appropriate, Scope 3 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, and Climate Change and Metrics and the related risks Emissions, ; Targets Performance Data, Targets used by the organization to manage climate-related risks and opportunities and Climate Metrics and performance against targets Targets, MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 112 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 113 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE IPIECA/API/IOGP Sustainability Reporting Guidance, 4th Edition, 2020 Indicator Disclosure Location Governance and Business Ethics GOV-1 Governance approach About This Report, ; Who We Are, ; Our Approach to ESG, ; Governance and Responsible Business Practices, ; Corporate Governance on website GOV-2 Management systems About This Report, ; Who We Are, ; Our Approach to ESG, ; Protecting Our People, ; Governance and Responsible Business Practices, ; Corporate Governance on website GOV-3 Preventing corruption Ethical Business Conduct, ; Supply Chain Management, ; Corporate Governance and Supplier Code of Conduct on website GOV-4 Transparency of payments to host governments Public Advocacy, GOV-5 Public advocacy and lobbying Public Advocacy, Climate Change and Energy CCE-1 Climate governance and strategy Board and Managerial Oversight of ESG topics, ; Climate Governance, ; Climate Strategy, ; Climate Change Position on website CCE-2 Climate risk and opportunities Climate Change and Emissions, ; Climate Risk Management, ; Climate Metrics and Targets, ; Enterprise Risk Management, CCE-3 Lower-carbon technology Climate Change and Emissions, CCE-4 Greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions Climate Change and Emissions, ; Performance Data, CCE-5 Methane emissions Improving Our Emissions Performance: Methane, ; Performance Data, CCE-6 Energy use Improving Our Emissions Performance: Combustion, ; Performance Data, CCE-7 Flared gas Improving Our Emissions Performance: Flaring, ; Performance Data, MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 113 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 114 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Indicator Disclosure Location Environment ENV-1 Freshwater Water Management, ; Performance Data, ENV-2 Discharges to water Water Management, ; Performance Data, ENV-3 Biodiversity policy and strategy Biodiversity Protection, ENV-4 Protected and priority areas for biodiversity Biodiversity Protection, conservation ENV-5 Emissions to air Improving Our Emissions Performance: Combustion, ; Performance Data, ENV-6 Spills to the environment Spills Management, ; Asset Integrity and Process Safety, ; Well Integrity, ; Emergency Response and Preparedness, ; Performance Data, ENV-7 Materials management Water Management, ; Chemical Stewardship, ; Waste Management, ; Performance Data, ENV-8 Decommissioning Well Abandonment, ; Biodiversity Protection, Safety, Health and Security SHS-1 Safety, health and security engagement Protecting Our People, SHS-2 Workforce and community health Building a Culture of Safety, ; Health, Safety and Environmental Management System, ; Benefits and Wellness, SHS-3 Occupational injury and illness incidents Protecting Our People, ; Performance Data, SHS-4 Transport safety Building a Culture of Safety, ; Safety Performance Monitoring and Measurement, ; Performance Data, SHS-5 Product stewardship As an upstream company, we ensure that we comply with local laws and regulations pertaining to communicating the risks of handling and transporting of our products.
Chemical Stewardship, SHS-6 Process safety Asset Integrity and Process Safety, ; Performance Data, SHS-7 Security risk management Physical Security, ; Emergency Response and Preparedness, ; Enterprise Risk Management, ; Cybersecurity, MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 114 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 115 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Indicator Disclosure Location Social SOC-1 Human rights due diligence Human Rights, ; Ethical Business Conduct, ; Human Rights Policy on website SOC-2 Suppliers and human rights Human Rights, ; Ethical Business Conduct, ; Supply Chain Management, ; Contractor Management, ; Supplier Code of Conduct on website SOC-3 Security and human rights Human Rights, SOC-4 Site-based labour practices and worker Health, Safety and Environmental Management System, page accommodation 61; Human Rights, ; Ethical Business Conduct, ; Supply Chain Management, ; Contractor Management, SOC-5 Workforce diversity and inclusion Diversity, Equity and Inclusion, ; Performance Data, ; EEO-1 Data on website SOC-6 Workforce engagement Employee Engagement, ; Performance Data, SOC-7 Workforce training and development Talent, Recruitment and Development, ; Performance Data, SOC-8 Workforce nonretaliation and grievance mechanisms Ethical Business Conduct, ; Corporate Governance: Reporting of Concerns on website SOC-9 Local community impacts and engagement Community Engagement, ; Stakeholder Engagement, SOC-10 Indigenous peoples Protecting Indigenous Rights, SOC-11 Land acquisition and involuntary resettlement Not applicable SOC-12 Community grievance mechanisms Working With Communities, ; Grievance Reporting, ; Corporate Governance: Reporting of Concerns on website SOC-13 Social investment Investing in Our Communities, SOC-14 Local procurement and supplier development Working With Communities, ; Supply Chain Management, SOC-15 Local hiring practices Local Hiring, ; Working With Communities, MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 115 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 117 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Indicator Disclosure Location 2-6-b-iii Entities downstream and their activities Refining and marketing 2-6-c Other relevant business relationships not part of value chain None 2-6-d Significant changes to the organization and its supply chain
None 2-7 Employees 2-7-a Total number of employees by gender and region Investing in Our People, ; Performance Data, ; EEO-1 Data on website 2-7-b Permanent, temporary, non-guaranteed hours, full-time, and part- Investing in Our People, ; Performance time employees by gender and region Data, ; EEO-1 Data on website 2-7-c Methodologies and assumptions used to compile data Investing in Our People, 2-7-d Contextual information supporting 2-7-a and 2-7-b Investing in Our People, 2-7-e Significant fluctuations in the number of employees during and Investing in Our People, between the reporting periods Governance 2-9 Governance Structure and Composition 2-9-a Governance structure Board and Managerial Oversight of Sustainability, ; Climate Governance, ; 2023 Proxy Statement 2-9-b List committees of the highest governance body responsible Climate Governance, ; 2023 Proxy for decisionmaking on and overseeing the management of the Statement organization's impacts on the economy, environment, and people 2-9-c Composition of the highest governance body and its committees Governance Highlights, ; 2023 Proxy Statement 2-10 Nomination and Selection of the Highest Governance Body 2-10-a Nomination and selection of the highest governance body Board and Managerial Oversight of Sustainability, ; 2023 Proxy Statement 2-10-b Criteria used for nominating and selecting highest governance Board and Managerial Oversight of Sustainability, body members ; 2023 Proxy Statement 2-11 Chair of the Highest Governance Body 2-11-a Chair of the highest governance body Governance Highlights, ; 2023 Proxy Statement 2-11-b If chair is also a senior executive, explain their function within Not applicable organizational management 2-12 Role of the Highest Governance Body in Overseeing the Management of Impacts 2-12-a Role of highest governance body in setting purpose, values, Board and Managerial Oversight of Sustainability, strategy, and policies ; Climate Governance, ; 2023 Proxy Statement 2-12-b Identifying and managing economic, environmental, and social Focusing on What Matters Most, ; impacts Engaging Our Stakeholders, ; Board and Managerial Oversight of Sustainability, ; Climate Governance, ; Enterprise Risk Management, 2-12-b If the highest governance body engages with stakeholders to Engaging Our Stakeholders, ; 2023 Proxy support these process and how it considers the outcomes Statement 2-12-c Effectiveness and frequency of risk management processes Board and Managerial Oversight of Sustainability, ; Climate Governance, ; Enterprise Risk Management, MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 117 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 118 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Indicator Disclosure Location 2-13 Delegation of Responsibility for Managing Impacts 2-13-a Delegating authority Board and Managerial Oversight of Sustainability, ; Climate Governance, 2-13-b Executive-level responsibility for economic, environmental, and Board and Managerial Oversight of Sustainability, social topics ; Climate Governance, ; Individual sections of report 2-14 Role of the Highest Governance Body in Sustainability Reporting 2-14-a Highest governance body’s role in sustainability reporting Health, Safety, Environment and Corporate Responsibility (HSE&CR) Board Committee; About This Report, ; HSE&CR Board Committee Charter on website 2-14-b If the highest governance body is not responsible, explain Not applicable 2-15 Conflicts of Interest 2-15-a Conflicts of interest Ethical Business Conduct, ; Corporate Governance: Reporting of Concerns on website; 2023 Proxy Statement 2-15-b If conflicts of interest are disclosed to stakeholders including: 2023 Proxy Statement cross-board membership, cross-shareholding with suppliers or other stakeholders, existence of controlling shareholders, related parties, their relationships, transactions, and outstanding balances 2-16 Communication of Critical Concerns 2-16-a Communicating critical concerns Board and Managerial Oversight of Sustainability, ; Climate Governance, ; 2023 Proxy Statement 2-17 Collective Knowledge of the Highest Governance Body 2-17-a Collective knowledge of highest governance body Governance Highlights, ; 2023 Proxy Statement 2-18 Evaluation of the Performance of the Highest Governance Body 2-18-a Evaluating the highest governance body’s performance 2023
Proxy Statement MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 118 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 119 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Indicator Disclosure Location Strategy, Policies and Practices 2-22 Statement on Sustainable Development Strategy 2-22-a Statement from senior decision-maker Message to Our Stakeholders, 2-23 Policy Commitments 2-23-a Precautionary Principle or approach Our Approach to ESG, ; Focusing on What Matters Most, ; Climate Change, ; Climate Risk Management, ; Water Management Strategy and Risk Management, ; Biodiversity Protection, ; Asset Integrity and Process Safety, ; Building a Culture of Safety, 2-23-b Values, principles, standards, and norms of behavior Our Purpose, Mission, Vision, Values and Behaviors, ; Human Rights, ; Ethical Business Conduct, 2-23-c Links to policy commitments Ethical Business Conduct, 2-23-d Level of approval for policy commitments Ethical Business Conduct, 2-23-e Application of policy commitments to activities and business Ethical Business Conduct, relationships 2-23-f Communication of policy commitments Ethical Business Conduct, 2-24 Embedding Policy Commitments 2-23-a Embedding, integration, and implementation of policy Ethical Business Conduct, commitments 2-25 Processes to Remediate Negative Impacts 2-25-a Commitment for remediation of negative impacts Our Mitigation Hierarchy, 2-25-b Grievance mechanisms Biodiversity Concern Reporting, ; Understanding and Responding to Community Feedback, ; Grievance Reporting, 2-25-c Other processes for remediation of negative impacts Our Mitigation Hierarchy, 2-25-d Stakeholders' involvement in grievance mechanisms Grievance Reporting, 2-25-e Tracking effectiveness of grievance mechanisms Grievance Reporting, 2-26 Mechanisms for Seeking Advice and Raising Concerns 2-26-a Mechanisms for advice and concerns about ethics Ethical Business Conduct, ; Corporate Governance: Reporting of Concerns on website 2-27 Compliance with Laws and Regulations 2-27-a Non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations Performance Data, 2-27-b Total number and value of fines for instances of non-compliance Performance Data, with laws and regulations 2-28 Membership Associations 2-28-a Membership of associations Industry Associations, MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 119 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 120 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Indicator Disclosure Location Stakeholder Engagement 2-29 Approach to Stakeholder Engagement 2-29-a Approach to stakeholder engagement
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021 3-1 Process to Determine Material Topics 3-1-a Defining report content and topic Boundaries About This Report, ; Focusing on What Matters Most, 3-1-b Stakeholders and experts informing the process to determine About This Report, ; Focusing on What material topics Matters Most, 3-2 List of Material Topics 3-2-a List of material topics Focusing on What Matters Most, 3-2-b Changes in reporting None 3-3 Management of Material Topics 3-3-a Actual and potential negative impacts Focusing on What Matters Most, 3-3-b Involvement with negative impacts through direct or indirect Climate Governance, ; Climate activities Risk Management, , Enterprise Risk Management, 3-3-c Policies or commitments regarding material topics Climate Governance, ; Climate Risk Management, , Enterprise Risk Management, 3-3-d Precautionary Principle or approach Climate Governance, ; Climate Risk Management, , Enterprise Risk Management, 3-3-e Tracking effectiveness of actions taken Climate Governance, ; Climate Risk Management, , Enterprise Risk Management, 3-3-f How stakeholder engagement has informed actions Stakeholder Engagement, GRI 11: Oil and Gas Sector 2021 Sector Profile Sector activities and business relationships Murphy Oil Corporation is a global oil and natural gas exploration and production company, with both onshore and offshore operations and properties.
GHG Emissions 11.1.1 Management of material topics Climate Change and Emissions, 11.1.2 Energy consumption within the organization Performance Data, 11.1.4 Energy intensity Performance Data, 11.1.5 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions Climate Change and Emissions, ; Performance Data, 11.1.6 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions Climate Change and Emissions, ; Performance Data, 11.1.7 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions Climate Change and Emissions, ; Performance Data, 11.1.8 GHG emissions intensity Climate Change and Emissions, ; Performance Data, GRI 11.2: Climate Adaptation, Resilience, and Transition 11.2.1 Management of material topics Climate Change and Emissions, 11.2.2 Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to 2022 SEC Form 10-K climate change 11.2.3 Reduction of GHG emissions Climate Change and Emissions, ; Performance Data, 11.2.4 Approach to public policy development and lobbying on climate Climate Change and Emissions, ; change Performance Data, GRI 11.3: Air Emissions 11.3.1 Management of material topics Climate Change and Emissions, 11.3.2 Nitrogen oxides (NO ), sulfur oxides (SO ), and other significant Performance Data, X X air emissions 11.3.3 Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product and Climate Change and Emissions, service categories GRI 11.4: Biodiversity 11.4.1 Management of material topics Biodiversity Protection, 11.4.2 Operational sites owned, leased, managed in, or adjacent to, Biodiversity Protection, ; Performance protected areas and areas of high biodiversity value outside Data, protected areas 11.4.3 Significant impacts of activities, products, and services on Biodiversity Protection, ; Performance biodiversity Data, 11.4.4 Habitats protected or restored Biodiversity Protection, ; Performance Data, 11.4.5 IUCN Red List species and national conservation list species with Biodiversity Protection, habitats in areas affected by operations GRI 11.5: Waste 11.5.1
Water discharge Water Management, ; Performance Data, 11.6.6 Water consumption Water Management, ; Performance Data, GRI 11.7: Closure and Rehabilitation 11.7.1 Management of material topics Biodiversity, Protection, 11.7.2 Minimum notice periods regarding operational changes Site Closure, Decommissioning and Restoration, ; Well Abandonment, 11.7.3 Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance Benefits and Wellness, programs 11.7.4
Worker participation, consultation, and communication on Building a Culture of Safety, ; Contractor occupational health and safety Management, ; Emergency Response and Preparedness, 11.9.6 Worker training on occupational health and safety Building a Culture of Safety, ; Contractor Management, ; Emergency Response and Preparedness, MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 122 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 123 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Indicator Disclosure Location 11.9.7 Promotion of worker health Benefits and Wellness, 11.9.8 Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety Asset Integrity and Process Safety, ; impacts directly linked by business relationships Building a Culture of Safety, ; Protecting Our People: HSE Policy on website 11.9.9 Workers covered by an occupational health and safety Health, Safety and Environmental Management management system System, 11.9.10 Work-related injuries Safety Performance Monitoring and Measuring, ; Performance Data, GRI 11.10: Employment Practices 11.10.1 Management of material topics Investing in Our People, 11.10.2 New employee hires and employee turnover Employee Engagement, ; Performance Data, 11.10.3 Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to Benefits and Wellness, temporary or part-time employees 11.10.4
11.10.6 Average hours of training per year per employee Talent, Recruitment and Development, ; Performance Data, 11.10.7 Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance Talent, Recruitment and Development, programs 11.10.8 New suppliers that were screened using social criteria Supply Chain Management, 11.10.9 Negative social impacts in the supply chain and actions taken Supply Chain Management, GRI 11.11: Non-discrimination and Equal Opportunity
11.11.1 Management of material topics Investing in Our People, 11.11.2 Proportion of senior management hired from the local community Local Hiring, 11.11.3 Parental leave Benefits and Wellness, 11.11.4
GRI 11.18: Conflict and Security 11.18.1 Management of material topics Human Rights Policy and Supplier Code of Conduct on website 11.18.2 Security personnel trained in human rights policies or procedures Human Rights, ; Human Rights Policy and Supplier Code of Conduct on website GRI 11.19: Anti-competitive Behavior 11.19.1 Management of material topics: anti-competitive behavior Committed to Ethics, ; Corporate Governance on website 11.19.2 Legal actions for anti-competitive behavior, anti-trust, and Committed to Ethics, monopoly practices MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 124 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 125 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Indicator Disclosure Location GRI 11.20: Anti-corruption 11.20.1 Management of material topics Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy on website 11.20.2 Operations assessed for risks related to corruption Human Rights, ; Ethical Business Conduct, ; Public Advocacy, ; Supply Chain Management, ; Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy on website 11.20.3 Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and Human Rights, ; Ethical Business Conduct, procedures ; Public Advocacy, ; Supply Chain Management, ; Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy on website 11.20.5 Approach to contract transparency Contractor Management, ; Committed to Ethics, ; Public Advocacy, 11.20.6 List the organization’s beneficial owners and explain how the Stakeholder Engagement, organization identifies the beneficial owners of business partners, including joint ventures and suppliers GRI 11.21: Payments to Governments 11.21.1 Management of material topics 2022 SEC Form 10-K 11.21.2
End poverty in all its forms everywhere Community Engagement, Goal 2 End hunger, achieve food security and improved nutrition and Community Engagement, promote sustainable agriculture Goal 3 Ensure healthy lives and promote well-being for all at all ages Climate Change and Emissions, ; Protecting Our People, ; Benefits and Wellness, ; Community Engagement, Goal 4 Ensure inclusive and equitable quality education and promote Talent, Recruitment and Development, ; lifelong learning opportunities for all Community Engagement, Goal 5 Achieve gender equality and empower all women and girls Diversity, Equity and Inclusion, ; Benefits and Wellness, ; Community Engagement, Goal 6 Ensure availability and sustainable management of water and Water Management, ; Spills Management, sanitation for all ; Asset Integrity and Process Safety, ; Emergency Response and Preparedness, ; Waste Management, Goal 7 Ensure access to affordable, reliable, sustainable and modern Climate Change and Emissions, ; Climate energy for all Change Position on website Goal 8 Promote sustained, inclusive and sustainable economic Talent, Recruitment and Development, ; growth, full and productive employment and decent work for Community Engagement, ; Supply Chain all Management, Goal 9 Build resilient infrastructure, promote inclusive and Community Engagement, sustainable industrialization and foster innovation Goal 10 Reduce inequality within and among countries Not applicable Goal 11 Make cities and human settlements inclusive, safe, resilient Not applicable and sustainable Goal 12 Responsible consumption and production—ensure Climate Change and Emissions, ; Water sustainable consumption and production patterns Management, ; Biodiversity Protection, ; Spills Management, ; Asset Integrity and Process Safety, ;
In particular, statements, express or implied, concerning the Company’s future operating results or activities and returns or the Company’s ability to generate returns, reduce or otherwise control operating costs and expenditures, achieve, reach or otherwise meet initiatives, plans, goals, ambitions or targets with respect to emissions, safety matters or other ESG (environmental/social/governance) matters, or other capital allocation decisions are forward-looking statements.
Due to the use of estimates and assumptions, the information in the report may not be correct and change at any time and we make no commitment to update that information as it develops.