Our Make a Difference 15 Our Commitment 59 SASB Index Communities and Live Our Values 6 Carter's at a Glance to High-Quality, 62 TCFD Index Safe Products 27 Improving 37 Employee 7 Our Family of Brands 65 Workforce Data
Skip Hop's Sustainable Employee Data and Privacy 35 Managing Our Innovations 43 Supporting Employee 12 Raise the Future: Water Impact Well-Being Through 22 Reducing Waste
Our Commitemet to Diversity and Inclusion 48 Employees with Different Abilities 49 Workforce Demographics 51 Uplifting Our Communities Carter’s, Inc. • 2022 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2 --- PAGE 3 --- contents cceeoo mmeessssaaggee about carter’s product planet people disclosure index A Message from Our CEO To My Fellow Stakeholders: Our annual social responsibility report outlines our goals, initiatives and progress with each of Over the past 100 years, Carter’s has built a brand our strategic pillars, and reflects our continued known by generations for enduring and essential commitment to transparency and accountability.
In 2022, we To ensure the continued success of our brands, continued to transition to more sustainably we are executing our Raise the Future™ ESG grown cotton through the Better Cotton Initiative strategy built on three pillars: and introduced LENZING™ ECOVERO™, a • sustainable viscose fiber sourced from responsibly Product: Grow sustainable product offerings managed forests.
We also expanded the scope of • Planet: Reduce our carbon footprint our Little Planet® product offerings, made largely • People: Uplift our workers and communities with organic cotton.
Carter’s, Inc. • 2022 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 33 --- PAGE 4 --- contents ceo message about carter’s product planet people disclosure index In the years ahead, we plan to increase the availability of In addition to reducing our emissions, we have a goal of reducing Program, and training to develop managerial, leadership, and sustainable choices across all of our product lines, making it easier the volume of waste generated by our business.
In 2022, we technical skills to support their careers at Carter’s.
In 2022, we for our consumers to choose products that align with their values.
Also, since 2019, we have We are proud to support communities through our charitable evolving consumer market.
reduced the number of styles that require an additional wash giving, volunteerism, and our supplier diversity program.
Last during the manufacturing process by 50%. year, together with our consumers and employees, we donated Each year, our suppliers must verify compliance with our over $10.5 million in charitable contributions and product Vendor Code of Ethics, and we regularly audit our suppliers Uplifting our Workers and Communities donations, with an emphasis on helping families with young to ensure compliance.
We are dedicated to diversifying to supporting our communities, especially those in need.
Additionally, we our consumers and workforce as we welcome Gen Z, the most updated our Restricted Substances List for chemicals used diverse generation in our country’s history, into our stores Our Commitment in the manufacturing process. and workforce.
We are committed to making a positive impact on the world.
Reducing our Carbon Footprint We believe in creating an environment that invites Gen Z and Through the execution of our ESG strategies, we expect to We continue to reduce our impact on the environment and other generations to shop and work with us.
We are taking a holistic approach to minimizing our carbon and To accomplish our growth and ESG objectives, we will rely on environmental footprint, which includes reducing greenhouse the dedication and commitment of our nearly 16,000 employees I am grateful for the support of our stakeholders as we continue gas emissions and waste.
Carter’s, Inc. • 2022 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 5 --- PAGE 6 --- contents ceo message about carter’s product planet people disclosure index Carter’s at a Glance A Culture of Integrity We are committed to conducting our business Our multi-channel global business model, which includes retail throughout the world in accordance with high ethical Consolidated Net Sales stores, eCommerce, and wholesale channels, as well as omni- standards and all applicable laws.
Operating Margin For more information on our financial results and tax payments, Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 • Carter’s Code of Ethics which reflect our commitment to supporting our communities, 11.8% 14.3% please see our 2022 Annual Report.
We nurture inclusive work environments, and we invest in our teams in order to succeed together.
The Carter’s family of brands is committed to a To help focus our efforts, we conducted an environmental world where all families with young children, and social materiality assessment.
Our multifaceted Raise the Future stakeholders, including employees, customers, and investors.
platform is founded on a promise to better our Based on this assessment and additional stakeholder world through our commitment to uplifting input, we have identified our key priorities and goals and workers and communities, providing more sustainable developed three strategic pillars that guide our long-term product offerings, and reducing our carbon footprint.
We Promise to Better Our World Product Planet People Pillars Grow Our Reduce Our Uplift Our Workers Sustainable Offerings Carbon Footprint and Communities
1 2 3 4 5 Priorities Transitioning to Enhancing our Reducing Diversifying Fostering an more sustainable responsible climate-related our consumers engaged workplace materials sourcing capabilities risks and workforce culture Benefits Market Opportunities Risk Management Brand Relevance Profitability Carter’s, Inc. • 2022 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 12 --- PAGE 13 --- contents ceo message about carter’s product planet people disclosure index Progress Highlights Planet: Reduce Our Carbon Footprint Product: Grow Our GOAL 2022 PROGRESS People: Uplift Our Sustainable Offerings Workers and Communities Climate GOAL 2022 PROGRESS Reduce absolute Scope 1 and 2 28% decrease in absolute GOAL 2022 PROGRESS greenhouse gas emissions 50% GHG emissions and 14% Products & Materials Diversity & Inclusion by 2030 from 2019 baseline decrease in carbon intensity Grow Little Planet to be More than 100% sales Increase racial and ethnic 25% of VP hires in 2022 were Require 77% of our suppliers 17% of our covered the U.S. market’s leading growth for Little Planet diversity at the Vice President diverse by spend covering purchased vendors by spend have set sustainable children's compared to 2021 and District Manager levels goods and services to have science-based targets apparel brand science-based targets by 2027
Increase our African American Launched and completed Use 100% sustainable ~2% increase in use of and Hispanic consumers by marketing test tailored to Achieve Net-Zero Scope 1 2030 emissions reduction cotton and polyester fibers more sustainable cotton 10% by 2025 these consumer segments and 2 emissions in our direct roadmap developed; we will by 2030 operations by 2040 report 2040 plan in 2024 Develop supplier Created and implemented Achieve OEKO-TEX® 73% of our apparel is OEKO- diversity program a supplier diversity program Waste STANDARD 100 certification TEX® STANDARD 100 certified* for Carter’ s and OshKosh as of end of fiscal 2022 Community Divert 80% of waste from 62% of waste diverted playwear by the end of 2023 landfill by 2025 from landfill Improve the well-being 2,320,590 lives improved of at least 10 million lives Supply Chain Achieve 50% reduction in virgin New goal; we will report by 2030 plastic packaging by 2030 progress in 2024 Extend traceability of cotton 100% of mills accounted Volunteer over 200,000 hours 20,367 employee to our fabric mills by 2025 for in traceability program Water in our communities by 2030 volunteer hours Improve the well-being of 139,686 workers Reduce water usage in the New goal; we will report Invest more than $50 million $10.5 million in combined at least 1 million workers benefited by education and manufacturing and washing progress in 2024 toward improving the lives charitable contributions and within our global value empowerment programs of our products by 2025 of children by 2030 product donations chain by 2030 Carter’s, Inc. • 2022 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 13 --- PAGE 15 --- contents ceo message about carter’s product planet people disclosure index Goals & Progress Our Commitment to High-Quality, GOAL 2022 PROGRESS Grow Little Planet to be More than 100% sales growth the U.S. market’s leading for Little Planet compared to Safe Products sustainable children's 2021 apparel brand Use 100% sustainable ~2% increase in use of more The health and safety of the children who use appropriate steps to mitigate those risks.
We focus processes are designed to help ensure that our fibers by 2030 on safety and quality throughout development products are safe and made well.
and the manufacturing process and test finished products against our standards and regulatory We test for performance and quality according requirements, such as those of the Consumer to U.S. regulatory requirements during the Achieve OEKO-TEX® 73% of our apparel is Product Safety Commission.
In 2022, we completed the transition of all of our five-prong ring snaps from brass to YKK’s Kensin Stainless Steel SNAPET® snaps.
For example, our Restricted Substances List (RSL) designates chemicals that should be We test products to our proprietary protocols, which To further extend our commitment to product safety, we minimized or avoided in our apparel and accessories in include chemical, safety, and quality protocols aligned with are in the process of aligning with the Zero Discharge of compliance with government legislation or regulation, health international, federal, and state regulations as well as various Hazardous Chemicals (ZDHC)
Based on our 2022 mill volume, more than 38% of our fabric is processed in alignment with the ZDHC MRSL.
Our primary fabrics for apparel are cotton (2,254 Metric Tons) and polyester, and we have committed to securing those from sustainable sources by 2030.
As we evolve our fiber portfolio strategy for our directly-sourced Fibers apparel, we intend to transition away from conventionally produced fibers and assessing opportunities to increase our use of qualified sustainable fibers, such as: • Certified Organic (e.g., Global Organic Textile Standard or “GOTS”) •
We are building <1% 0.3% Other a roadmap that focuses on our top volume fabrics first and increases our Recycled Polyester sourcing through programs such as Better Cotton and GOTS.
Carter’s, Inc. • 2022 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 18 --- PAGE 19 --- contents ceo message about carter’s product planet people disclosure index The Benefits of Better Cotton One of the primary ways we intend to achieve our goal of 100% sustainable cotton is through our participation with the Better Cotton program.
Better Cotton has also conducted initiatives to improve gender equality and women’s empowerment in cotton production and to address the specific needs and challenges of women participating in its programs.
We aim to have Better Cotton account for at least 50% of our cotton by 2026 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 Total Cotton (actual) 56,859 33,527 33,527* - - - Consumption (metric tons) BCI Goal 1% 10% 25% 35% 45% 50% BCI Consumed 970 2,254 - - - - (actual)(metric tons) %
Among the recent awards we have won: Products That Grow with a Child Oceanworks® Partnership Kind + Jugend Innovation Award 2022 Skip Hop is committed to designing innovative products We are proud to have partnered with Oceanworks®, the leading Stroll & Connect consistent with its Must Haves Made Better® mission.
We are in the process of replacing all hangtags and polybags Our play gyms are tested under toy testing standards to ensure used on our Diaper Bags, On-the-Go, and Kids Bags categories they’re free from harmful substances.
Walker Carter’s, Inc. • 2022 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 21 --- PAGE 22 --- contents ceo message about carter’s product planet people disclosure index Reducing Waste through Manufacturing Excellence Carter’s Manufacturing Excellence team partners with vendors to assess their true product specialty and Driving Efficiency through Our Manufacturing the suitability of their factories, along with identifying opportunities to increase their efficiencies that can Excellence Continuous Improvement Program provide financial, environmental, and/or social benefits, by reducing their waste.
We work with a variety of partners to help create RISE: Reimagining Industry to Support Equality is a local implementation partner Life Centre, a majority of the better working conditions in our supply chain.
collaborative initiative supporting industry to advance company’s workforce has participated in health and career equality for women workers in global garment supply chains.
RISE brings together the four largest women’s empowerment programs in the apparel industry—from BSR’s HERproject, Gap Inc. P.A.C.E., CARE International, and Better Work—to build from proven approaches, scale impact, and improve efficiency.
cirteM 2 contents ceo message about carter’s product planet people disclosure index Goals & Progress Improving Our Energy and GOAL 2022 PROGRESS Emissions Footprint Climate Reduce absolute Scope 1 and 2 28% decrease in absolute greenhouse gas emissions 50% GHG emissions and 14% We have set a near-term, science-based emissions limited assurance for our performance disclosures by 2030 from 2019 baseline decrease in carbon intensity reduction goal, validated by the Science Based on Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions, water usage, Targets initiative (SBTi), to reduce absolute Scope and waste volumes.
Carter’s also commits business activities, which included primary data goods and services to have science-based targets to engaging 77% of our suppliers by spend collection from our logistics providers and 109 science-based targets by 2027 covering purchased goods and services to set facilities of our top 69 suppliers, accounting for Achieve Net-Zero Scope 1 2030 emissions reduction science-based emissions reduction targets of their approximately 96% of the total purchase order and 2 emissions in our direct roadmap developed; we will own by 2027.
Divert 80% of waste from 62% of waste diverted landfill by 2025 from landfill Achieve 50% reduction in virgin New goal; we will report plastic packaging by 2030 progress in 2024 1,369,712.83 1,341,351.15 1,113,276.00 1,070,345.61 Water Reduce water usage in the New goal; we will report manufacturing and washing progress in 2024 of our products by 2025 2019 2020 2021 2022 Carter’s, Inc. • 2022 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 27 --- PAGE 28 --- ] e OC TM [ snoissimE 2+1 epocS 2 contents ceo message about carter’s product planet people disclosure index GHG Reduction Roadmap Historical and Expected Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Through 2030
We intend to accomplish our science-based target of a 50% reduction of Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 2030 from a 2019 baseline through a combination 70,000 of measures in our retail stores, distribution centers, and offices, including: • Operational changes 60,000 • Technology and energy management investments 50,000 • Renewable energy credit (REC) purchases Business as Usual (1.6% YOY increase)
We are evaluating pathways to reduce our overall 40,000 5 energy usage year-over-year and expect that the 0 % R e d purchase of renewable energy credits will be needed u c tio n G to meet the remainder of the goal.
o a 30,000 l b y 2 0 3 0 In 2022, our Scope 1 and 2 emissions decreased by 28% and our emissions intensity decreased by 14%, both from 2019.
We believe the recent decrease in emissions is most likely attributed to operationally related factors, such 10,000 as retail store closures and/or climate differences year-over-year that may have caused varying usages of energy across multiple locations.
Historical, calculated emissions Intended SBTi goal pathway Expected emissions growth with business as usual Carter’s, Inc. • 2022 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 28 --- PAGE 29 --- contents ceo message about carter’s product planet people disclosure index GHG Reduction Measures Operational Energy-Related Renewable Initiatives Investments Energy Credits Behavioral practices and Upgrades to technology and We will look to renewable operational improvements will energy management systems energy credits (RECs) as a drive energy efficiency will be needed complementary measure Implementing standards to the We recognize that investments While not a primary solution to way we work and operate our will need to be made to meet our decarbonizing, we plan to invest business can contribute to energy decarbonization goal, particularly in a limited number of third-party reductions.
Ongoing efforts: • Previous efforts: Previous efforts: We are evaluating changes • • we can implement to our Achieved LEED Gold and Evaluated environmental employee standard operating Energy Star certification for commodity/REC purchasing procedures at our retail stores our office headquarters guidelines and distribution centers to • Converted from conventional Recent efforts: drive energy efficiencies, such fuel to hydrogen power • In April 2023, we purchased as keeping doors closed and for forklifts at our largest 14,000 verified credits to be turning off lighting when not distribution center applied to our 2022 emissions needed Ongoing efforts: • Upgrading to LED lighting in our distribution centers and retail stores Carter’s, Inc. • 2022 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 29 --- PAGE 30 --- contents ceo message about carter’s product planet people disclosure index Reducing Scope 3 We are using the Sustainable Apparel Coalition’s Higg We continue to explore ways to reduce our Scope 3 emissions.
Facility Environmental Module (a database of supplier We believe that as we make progress toward our goal to use impact data) and direct engagement to better understand 100% sustainable cotton and polyester fibers by 2030, we can the environmental practices and impacts of our apparel and reduce GHG emissions associated with the raw materials of accessory suppliers.
We also expanded our request for data from our Tier 1 suppliers Regarding transportation, we gather information from our logistics to determine if they have set science-based targets to reduce providers to account for emissions associated with the transport GHG emissions from their own operations.
of our products, including their measurement capabilities and opportunities to reduce transportation- and distribution-related emissions.
These data help us make transportation purchasing decisions and advance our plans to reduce our impacts.
RFID has increased Coalition, a global, multi-stakeholder nonprofit alliance our monitoring of the real-time locations of our products and for the fashion industry.
Suppliers covering 17% of our spend on purchased goods and services have set science-based targets.
Carter’s, Inc. • 2022 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 30 --- PAGE 34 --- contents ceo message about carter’s product planet people disclosure index Packaging Product Recycling Developing sustainable packaging solutions is an essential part Our KIDCYLETM product take-back Biodiversity of our commitment to waste reduction.
In 2022, we compiled program is another way in which data to establish a packaging baseline from which to measure we support product materials We are committed to the continual reduction of the reductions in the overall amount of packaging used, as well as recycling.
the conversion to more sustainable packaging materials for our Our commitment extends to raw materials usage, as we products, in our stores, and for the delivery of eCommerce orders.
Through KIDCYCLE, apparel that seek to incorporate materials certified by third-party We are committed to achieving a 50% reduction in virgin would otherwise be discarded sustainability standards.
Once collected, the clothing is separated continuous environmental improvement, including the We are currently using approximately 70% recycled material by fabric type, shredded, and recycled into materials used for third-party factories that manufacture our products, across all Skip Hop cardboard boxes and cartons.
We are exploring additional ways as we develop new items, we have made a concerted effort to to reduce our impact on biodiversity and will disclose reduce the amount of packaging per product, the number and In 2023, we plan to evolve the program by providing collection progress in future reporting.
Over the past few years we have worked with our designers to reduce the amount We are working to better understand the water impacts in our of styles that require garment washing to achieve our design global supply chain, and are requiring all of the factories and intent.
increase water conservation in our manufacturing process where appropriate.
In 2022, we set a goal to utilize the Higg Index to further drive Arbor Day Foundation reduced water usage in the manufacturing and washing of our products by 2025.
Thanks to the generosity of Carter’s employees, for Earth Day 2022 we raised $20,000 for the Arbor Since 2019, we have Day Foundation, which will support the planting of 20,000 trees.
According to the I-Tree Planting and reduced by 50% the EPA Greenhouse Gas Equivalencies calculators, this 1,551.36 1,452.36 effort contributed to: number of our styles • 47,152 metric tons of CO sequestered— 2 798.66 equivalent to 10,251 cars off the road for a year 743.06 that require an • 202 tons of air pollution removed additional garment • More than 14 million gallons of water runoff avoided—equivalent to 21 Olympic-sized 2019 2020 2021 2022 washing process.
Carter’s is exploring this and is committed to improving data quality within our environmental reporting framework and supply chain.
Carter’s, Inc. • 2022 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 35 --- PAGE 37 --- contents ceo message about carter’s product planet people disclosure index Goals & Progress Employee Engagement GOAL 2022 PROGRESS and Well-Being Diversity & Inclusion Increase racial and ethnic 25% of VP hires in 2022 The success of our Company is built on our Our high level of employee engagement is rooted diversity at the Vice President were diverse people, so maintaining a positive workplace in a strong sense of pride in our products, brands, and District Manager levels culture, high engagement, and strong retention and organization.
Increase our African Launched and completed Many of our employees also see a connection American and Hispanic marketing test tailored to We believe formal and informal mentoring between their work and the Company’s vision, consumers by 10% by 2025 these consumer segments activities and cross-functional meetings with as evidenced by our 2022 employee engagement Develop supplier Created and implemented leaders are essential ways in which we fuel survey results.
Program Community Improve the well-being 2,320,590 lives improved of at least 10 million lives by 2030 Volunteer over 200,000 hours 20,367 employee in our communities by 2030 volunteer hours Invest more than $50 million $10.5 million in combined toward improving the lives charitable contributions and of children by 2030 product donations Carter’s, Inc. • 2022 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 37 --- PAGE 42 --- contents ceo message about carter’s product planet people disclosure index Creating a Hybrid Workplace We have been committed to our hybrid work environment guided For these reasons, we encourage employees to make the days by principles of serving the needs of the business while providing they are in the office “collaborative days” with their teams, flexibility to our employees.
The hybrid approach also requires employees to consider their co-workers’ locations and We believe we are better together, and as a highly collaborative needs when scheduling events, which we believe supports a and creative organization, we believe there is value in having culture of inclusivity.
Coming together supports our ability to further connect, create, and solve problems.
These are intentional days to support the format (in-person, hybrid, or virtual) of our educational collaboration and connection with colleagues and to drive workshops and development programs to ensure they foster professional development.
the highest level of engagement and interaction as well as support adoption of the materials.
Well-Being through Benefits Our employees fill many different roles as parents, partners, Full-time Full-time Full-time Corporate Part-time caregivers, and friends, so we design our benefits to support Benefit* Retail Distribution Center Employees Employees** employee well-being inside and outside of work.
Carter’s, Inc. • 2022 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 43 --- PAGE 47 --- contents ceo message about carter’s product planet people disclosure index Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion •
Our D&I Strategic Framework We strive to create an environment where all employees have a sense of belonging regardless of any dimension of difference, As part of our commitment to transparency, and based on including ability, race, ethnicity, national origin, gender, age, feedback from our stakeholders, we have published our most sexual orientation, genetics, veteran status, or other status recent EEO-1 Report on our website.
We are committed to Workplace Marketplace Community ensuring that our workforce reflects our diverse world through a Marketplace range of programs to broaden diversity and ensure fairness across Enhance Attract and Enhance Our Inclusive
We believe these efforts also help us understand and hyper-targeted, culturally relevant, insights-driven plan to drive attract more diverse consumers and employees.
Progress has been more gradual in diversifying our Carter’s is committed to building long-term, mutually beneficial Increase racial Increase our Develop and ethnic African American a supplier district manager team, but we are working with our field team to business opportunities for companies owned by women, diversity at the and Hispanic diversity identify markets that can widen our talent pool for future roles.
Our Strategic Procurement and Diversity successors for key positions through recruiting, formal & Inclusion teams continue to develop policies and processes to succession planning, mentorship programs, and increase our reach to diverse owned companies and are committed development strategies.
In 2022, the Carter’s Charitable Foundation donated $100,000 to QCC and a portion of those funds were used to support Scholastic Book Fairs for three childcare centers in the Atlanta area.
References to 2022, 2021, and 2020 are to the materiality or financial impact of such issues or related calendar years, and references to fiscal 2022, fiscal 2021, and information to our investors.
Report on Form 10-K and our subsequent Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K for a discussion of This report includes a Sustainability Accounting Standards Board risks that may be material to our investors.
We intend our long-term goals align with and support specific United to continue to publish a CSR report annually.
These statements are typically our ability to achieve our stated diversity, equity and inclusion, note that the availability of data varies from section to section accompanied by the words “aim,” “anticipate,” “believe,” CSR and sustainability, and climate change goals, protecting in this report.
“commit,” “could,” “drive,” “estimate, “envision,” “ensure,” “goal,” customer and employee data, as well as those risks identified “intend,” “may,” “might,” “mission,” “seek,” “strategy,” “strive,” in Item 1A of our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K
Our goals and commitments include aspirational components “target,” "plan," and “will” or similar words or phrases.
Carter’s cannot assure principal forward-looking statements in this report include: our Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), which should be you that the results reflected or implied by any forward-looking sustainability goals, commitments and programs; our social read in conjunction with the forward-looking statements in this statement will be realized or, even if substantially realized, that goals, initiatives, programs and objectives; the scope and impact report, as well as other assumptions, risks, uncertainties, and those results will have the forecasted or expected consequences of CSR risks and opportunities; and standards and expectations factors identified in this report.
achievement of our targets, goals or commitments, could differ consultants to be reliable, we do not assume responsibility for materially.
40-41 skills and transition assistance 308-1 New suppliers that were screened Tier 1 suppliers are currently screened on social, but not environmental, programs using environmental criteria criteria.
GRI 401: Employment GRI 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity Disclosure Location 3-3 Management of material topics People, Supporting Employee Well-Being through Benefits, pp.
43-45 Disclosure Location 401-1 New employee hires and Workforce Data, p. 65 3-3 Management of material topics People, Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion, pp.
49-50 401-2 Benefits provided to full-time People, Supporting Employee Well-Being through Benefits, p. 43 and employees employees that are not provided Workforce Data, p. 65 careers.carters.com to temporary or part-time employees GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety Disclosure Location 3-3 Management of material topics People, Employee Safety, p. 46 403-9 Work-related injuries People, Employee Safety, p. 46
Carter’s, Inc. • 2022 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 57 --- PAGE 59 --- contents ceo message about carter’s product planet people disclosure index Carter’s 2022 Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Index Apparel, Accessories, and Footwear SASB Topic Code Accounting Metric Response Management CG-AA-250a.1 Discussion of processes to maintain compliance with restricted substance regulations Product, Our Commitment to High-Quality, Safe Products, p. 15 of Chemicals in Product, Chemicals Management, pp.
CG-AA-250a.2 Discussion of processes to asses and manage risks and/or hazards associated with Product, Our Commitment to High-Quality, Safe Products, p. 15 chemicals in products Product, Chemicals Management, pp.
Internationally, we operate directly or outsource our distribution activities to third-party logistics providers in Canada, China, Mexico, and Vietnam to support shipment to the United States, as well as our international wholesale accounts, international licensees, international eCommerce operations, and Canadian and Mexican retail store networks.
Carter's Climate Risks and Opportunities, p. 63 Metrics and Targets Disclose the metrics and targets used to assess and manage relevant Planet, Improving Our Energy and Emissions Footprint, pp.
in our own operations by 2040 and having set a near-term target approved by SBTi.
Carter’s set a goal to ensure 77% of our suppliers by spend covering purchased develop more accurate accounting and transparency of our own products and supply chain.
Additionally, while we attempt to ensure consistent methodologies for each inventory year, Carter’s cautions against year-over-year comparison as inconsistency in data, particularly as it relates to Scope 3 and indirect operations, may still be present.
Additionally, while we attempt to ensure consistent methodologies for each inventory year, Carter’s Certain data presented have not been audited or assured.
Additionally, while we attempt to ensure consistent methodologies for each inventory year, 1 “Direct” refers to waste generated at Carter’s operated distribution centers and retail stores.
For stores that could not report waste values, Carter’s extrapolated waste and recycling rates Carter’s is exploring the reasons for this and is committed to improving data quality within the Company’s environmental reporting framework submitted by the stores that were able to track this information.
ourntitningg S atanndd Raerdp”o rtingA Sdtaamnd Haardm” mes Adam Hammes AAuddaimto rH ammes Auditor AUuSdAito r USA USA Harsh Vasoya Harsh Vasoya AHuadrsitho rV asoya Auditor ACuadnitaodr a Canada Canada Rebecca BowensR ebecca BowenTRsee