the meaning of the federal securities laws, including Our trademarks and copyrights referred to in this statements with respect to our goals, commitments report, including Carter’s, OshKosh, OshKosh B’gosh, and programs.
We also took this past year made it clear that there was more report details our focus on future generations measures to help ensure the health and we could do.
practices that will strengthen our Company, and During the year, we improved our diversity support families who rely on us to be best in Much of our workforce shifted to remote and inclusion efforts and encouraged our class in young children’s apparel.
We eased over the course of the year, we instituted also supported the Georgia Hate Crimes bill to 2020 was a year like no other.
exclusive Carter’s brands: our Child of Mine brand, which we sell at Walmart, our Just One You brand, which we sell at Target, and our Simple Joys brand, which we sell on Amazon.
We believe that to succeed as a business and to positively impact families and our communities, we must first create and maintain a diverse, inclusive, and supportive workplace that fosters high employee engagement Our Values Code of Ethics Our values define who we are.
Invest in People Ethics and integrity also form the foundation of our relationships with suppliers.
We will especially be seeking We have been addressing aspects of sustainable offerings, our business strategy to support women in our global value chain, sustainability for years, but we saw an is increasingly aligned with ESG benefits and because we believe studies show that opportunity to create a more integrated coordinated across every functional area.
We strive My role allows me to have an imprint on Committee to develop a formal strategy for to embrace those differences, which we believe our culture and the strategic direction of D&I as it relates to employees, customers, make us more inclusive and effective.
We are committed to using more include our consumers and communities.
For to experience their enthusiasm about our strategy for all ESG matters in addition to sustainable materials and packaging to reduce example, we want all families to feel welcomed sustainability and D&I efforts, and to see how D&I and compliance.
ESG helps us look at opportunities believe that this focus can help ensure that all focus on transitioning to sustainable cotton with us on our journey, as preserving the planet to drive innovation and operational efficiency kids, from every neighborhood, have a fair shot and polyester by 2030 is especially meaningful for future generations is a shared responsibility.
We intend to achieve this through a Carter’s, Inc. • 2020 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 9 --- PAGE 13 --- About Carter’s Our Corporate Social Responsibility Commitments We have established goals to improve the sustainability Enhance the workplace of our products over the coming decade and community environments within our global value chain To help us focus our efforts, we previously People conducted a CSR issue assessment.
This Increase diverse representation study helped to identify the areas of greatest across our global value chain importance to our Company’s success and to our stakeholders, including employees, Improve the well-being of at customers, and investors.
Applying the results Reduce the least 10 million families and at of this assessment and other stakeholder input, least 1 million workers within environmental our priority CSR issues are: our global value chain by 2030 impacts of our • Product quality and safety products, packaging, • Product design and innovation and operations • Employee engagement Increase the use Reduce greenhouse gas of certified and • Diversity and inclusion P emissions by at least 25 t r e sustainable materials • Climate change percent by 2030, and develop o n d in our products a science-based target a • Workers’ rights u l P c Use more sustainable t • Supply-chain management Use 100 percent sustainable packaging and reduce cotton and polyester fibers Based on these insights, we have developed landfill waste by 2030 three strategic pillars that guide our long- Promote efficient use of water term CSR commitments: People, Product, and Maintain high quality in the manufacturing of our Planet.
certifications where appropriate Carter’s, Inc. • 2020 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 13 --- PAGE 15 --- Employees Each day our employees strive to achieve our mission by living our values Through the passion and dedication of our diverse team around the world, we are able W h
i t m a t t e r s to deliver on our commitment to consumers Our employees make our business to provide high-quality children’s apparel and possible.
We support them by seeking accessories at affordable prices.
development, and a supportive and respectful workplace, we are able support our employees in serving the needs of all O u r p r o g r e s s families with young children.
measure engagement and identify areas for Our recruitment strategy begins by identifying improvement, we intend to conduct a global the kinds of talent we’ll need in order to adapt to employee survey in 2022.
Our interviewer panels, and to increase our team’s objective is to attract diverse, highly qualified training in these important areas.
We are proud We continually measure and monitor diversity metrics talent, and to ensure candidates understand of the recognition we have received for being the values and high standards we live by.
To help ensure long-term our recruiting platforms, candidate slates, and success and engagement, we also invest in advancement, attractive benefits, and development.
We also offer a tuition assistance program experience that can support advancement to more senior positions.
that supports eligible employees in continuing Our on-the-job learning processes and formal their education.
development programs include: Growth Charts Along the way, our managers are expected to set • Mentoring programs Self-paced learning track to help motivated employees at all levels of clear objectives and expectations and provide • College programs our retail organization advance in their careers feedback to help employees achieve their goals • Leadership development programs through Individual Development Plans.
i t m a t t e r s the same from our suppliers, particularly in their We seek to ensure that workers making treatment of their workers.
and we uphold our expectations through training, monitoring, and our policies, which O u r p r o g r e s s are informed by the Universal Declaration of In recent years, we have increased our Human Rights.
work with multi-stakeholder organizations to help improve aspects of our sourcing.
As part of achieving our goal of improving to our fabric mills by 2025 the well-being of at least 1 million workers, we intend to seek out new • Improve the well-being of at least international partnerships and initiatives 1 million workers in our global that educate and empower workers in our supply chain global value chain.
In many cases, As a member of the AAFA’s Social Responsibility Committee, We are a signatory to the multi-stakeholder pledges we believe multi-stakeholder dialogue
promoted by the Responsible Sourcing Network concerning collaboration represent the most productive Additionally, we signed the AAFA’s Commitment to forced labor in Uzbekistan, which commit us to keeping and effective approach to address industry- Responsible Recruitment, which seeks to eliminate cotton produced by forced labor in Uzbekistan and wide issues.
To support our social and environmental goals in the sourcing of sustainable fibers, we joined the Better Cotton Initiative (BCI), We are supporting Yarn Ethically & Sustainably Sourced (YESS), the world’s largest sustainable cotton program.
Along with our employees and customers, Pajama Program is a national charity that A Long Commitment we support organizations that meet basic needs promotes and supports a comforting bedtime and provide for the health and well-being for routine and healthy sleep for all children to to Light the Night children.
We share Pajama Program’s belief support of the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society.
We our products, we also engage with consumers believe our products must be safe, comfortable, to understand their priorities and expectations, Investing in sustainable innovation can and durable.
We are also looking for ways in addition to providing channels through help improve our products and reduce to reduce our environmental impact, and which they can share their feedback on our their environmental impact.
i n g a h e a d a t-shirt collection featuring Historically Our focus includes conducting life Black Colleges and Universities, including cycle assessments on our apparel and advancing our efforts to reduce impacts North Carolina A&T State University, by using new design and innovation tools.
Our primary materials made, which can help us achieve our new goal.
We believe this line demonstrates our Approximately 78 percent of the fabric used have committed to securing those and other support positive environmental, social, and commitment to continuous progress and our in the manufacture of our products is sourced materials from sustainable sources by 2030.
For more information on our sourcing, see One of the main ways we intend to achieve Protecting Human Rights in Our Global We also strive to source all of the materials we our goal of 100 percent sustainable cotton is Supply Chain use for all of our products in ways that do not through our participation in the Better Cotton contribute to human rights abuses, including Initiative (BCI).
working with our suppliers to ensure we do not source conflict minerals.
and accessories, sleepwear, and gift We believe it also improves our expertise bundles.
Though the last year has brought unexpected events, we are pleased to see consumer response is already exceeding With two young girls, I am always thinking What do you see for the future of this expectations, and we remain committed to of their future and the world our generation line and the team creating it?
Carter’s, Inc. • 2020 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 33 --- PAGE 34 --- Product Our Commitment to High-Quality, Safe Products
We reduces the use of water, electricity, review every product we develop for potential In 2021, we expect to source nearly 1 billion ring and CO when compared to brass.
And we believe that percent of those to be YKK’s Kensin Stainless the creation of hazardous waste maintaining this confidence allows us Our processes are designed to help ensure Steel SNAPET® snaps, which have a base made as byproducts of the manufacturing to serve future generations.
These include testing programs that go beyond regulatory requirements, and examining the O u r p r o g r e s s products we design at both the materials and 83% 78% Since 2019, we’ve increased our manufacturing stages for performance and transparency regarding chemicals by quality.
If committed to increasing our use of a product recall is appropriate, we take prompt materials that reduce our environmental action in order to safeguard the customers who impact and enhance product safety.
One way we ensure high quality is evaluating This standard certifies that textiles have been One of our areas of focus in quality and safety to further minimize customer risk and exposure and committing to third-party certifications.
Our government legislation or regulation, health adoption of STANDARD 100 by OEKO-TEX® and safety concerns for consumers and certification will further ensure safety from workers, or potential environmental hazards.
Our vendor manual requires for the presence of chemicals to ensure any that the suppliers comply with U.S. and EU laws, concentration levels remain below safe limits.
In March 2019, we provided Tier 1 apparel We have programs to audit our Tier 1 suppliers’ suppliers with an expanded RSL that increased compliance with our standards, which includes the number of restricted chemicals covered by selecting a sampling of product for testing.
better future for generations to come, and • In the near-term we plan to focus on to do our part in leaving behind a world The purpose of these inventories is to expanding our data collection to include where children can thrive, we believe help us eventually set baselines and track additional sources and are partnering more that we must continue to reduce the improvements over time.
As a result, our technologies and set what we believe impacts, and helps them identify and inventories to date have necessarily been to be a meaningful emissions reduction prioritize opportunities for performance incomplete and will require improvement.
i n g a h e a d follow, we caution against year-over-year We plan to improve our data quality, comparisons, as inconsistencies in the data reduce the environmental impacts in our (particularly as it relates to Scope 3 and indirect direct operations, and collaborate with operations) may be present.
manufactured for Carter’s, and our logistics analyzing data that can help us understand how opportunity to minimize waste is to reduce providers.
Based on that inventory we believe to improve our waste-reduction efforts.
In 2020, we In the interim, we have set a target to reduce that more than 70 percent of our GHG emissions piloted a digital technology that allows products We also plan to improve tracking processes our emissions this decade by at least 25 percent in 2020 came from the operations of our Tier 1 to be visualized as 3D images instead of being to better monitor our waste profile in our against a baseline to be determined as part of suppliers and logistics providers.
This has reduced corporate offices, distribution centers, and our process in setting a science-based goal.
We plan to have our reduction goal target all of For our 2022 GHG emissions inventory we would have ordered.
We intend to the total units manufactured for Carter’s and to communicate about our strategy and progress work with our logistics providers to learn more in future CSR reporting and through responses about their emissions reporting capabilities and to the CDP climate change questionnaire, which opportunities to reduce distribution-related helps companies to measure and manage their emissions.
the inclusion of new emissions sources, improved calculation methods, GHG Protocol.
Carter’s is exploring the reasons for this and is committed to improving data quality within the Company’s environmental reporting framework and supply chain.
Carter’s, Inc. • 2020 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 41 --- PAGE 43 --- GRI Index General Disclosures (All disclosures listed apply GRI 2016 Standards unless otherwise specified) Disclosure Description Response Disclosure Description Response 102-1 Name of the organization p. 5 102-11 Precautionary Principle or approach The Company conducts a variety of activities to ensure the safety of its products.
functions to drive labor savings and increase efficiencies, the consolidation of certain functions 102-44 Key topics and concerns raised We do not generally disclose dialogues with into our corporate headquarters in Atlanta, Georgia, stakeholders.
As part of our goals to use 100 percent sustainable cotton and polyester fibers by 2030 and to use more sustainable packaging, we intend to improve our measurement of the recycled and other sustainable inputs we use.
Training and Education 404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee p. 18 404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition p. 18 assistance programs 404-3 Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and p. 18 career development reviews 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity 405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees p. 20