As this is an area of continual improvement across our industry, we strive to update our disclosures in line with operating developments and with emerging best practice ESG reporting standards.
REPORTING FRAMEWORKS AND BOUNDARIES RESTATEMENTS We report annually according to internationally recognized ESG As we improve our sustainability reporting year-on-year, we reporting frameworks and standards, including the Sustainability note that it may be necessary to restate our data.
The restatement resulted in the 2020 Scope 1 We participate in several industry initiatives working to improve GHG emissions data being 14% lower than originally reported sustainability reporting.
Additionally, this MMBOE Million Barrels of Oil Equivalent report was reviewed by a cross-functional management team, subject matter experts and the executive leadership MMBTU Million British Thermal Units team, as well as the Health, Safety, Environment and Corporate Responsibility (HSE&CR) Board Committee.
PAGE 3 --- IINNTTRROODDUUCCTTIIOONN ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Contents 2 13 43 51 INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTING INVESTING PROTECTION AND OUR PEOPLE IN OUR PEOPLE CONSERVATION 2 About This Report 14 Climate Change 44 Health and Safety 52 Workforce and Emissions Oversight Development 3 Contents Oversight 28 Water Management 45 Health and Safety 4 Message to Our Management 52 Diversity, Equity and Stakeholders 33 Biodiversity System Inclusion Protection 5
Statement 60 Investing in Our 70 Public Advocacy 83 Content Indices Communities 71 Supply Chain 94 Awards and Management Recognition 94 Reader Advisory MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 3 2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 4 --- IINNTTRROODDUUCCTTIIOONN ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Message to Our Stakeholders At Murphy, we embrace the challenge of operating in a more In 2021, Murphy signed agreements with certain water disposal sustainable manner as we seek to be an industry leader for vendors with pipelines connected to Murphy ponds and facilities, decades to come.
The Company has also this past year as we work toward aligning our actions and long- negotiated produced water sharing opportunities with nearby term goals of protecting the environment.
Along with our adoption of In the Tupper Montney asset in British Columbia, we have the sustainability reporting principles, this year, we expanded our established sufficient infrastructure to reduce demand on TCFD disclosures further and included the International Energy local water sources as well as the number of trucks needed for Agency (IEA)
We also support industry efforts flowback and production operations.
Following the success of those pilots, we are now we have achieved almost a 20% total average reduction in evaluating electric frac units in our onshore operations.
At our Delta House facility, we saw continue targeting emissions reductions onshore by employing a 25% reduction, and at our Front Runner and Medusa platforms currently available technology, the team has worked to electrify we achieved a 50% reduction in chemical usage.
In the field, we have we were able to reduce the amount of steel used in the design, installed a vehicle monitoring system in all Company vehicles to resulting in weight savings and lower emissions.
Further, our monitor driving habits and identify their locations in case of an analysis shows investment in electric cranes on the FPS will emergency.
This pilot is It is important to note that we have received independent aimed at the assessment and documentation of ESG performance assurance of our absolute 2021 total Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG by Murphy and contractor companies, including verification of emissions for the second year in a row.
While providing further transparency on ESG practices, when compared to our industry, and when compared against our this will also enable Murphy to strengthen its partnerships with 2019 baseline, we have seen improvements in our GHG, methane contractors as we work to achieve our goals.
EXPANDING OUR DIVERSITY PRACTICES CONSERVING OUR WATER Murphy’s diversity, equity and inclusion practices are constantly Our drilling and completions team recently formalized an onshore evolving, and we continue to review internal policies and water management policy to better govern responsible water practices to ensure they are inclusive and equitable.
Overall, the percentage of recycled water to total water Lastly, it is important that we work with suppliers who align with consumed in Murphy’s onshore operations has increased to 17% Murphy’s policies and practices, and therefore we are working in 2021 from 4% in 2020.
to increase the diversity of our supplier base.
I am pleased that in 2021, almost a quarter of suppliers reported having a level of diverse ownership within their organization, and we will work to increase this diversity program going forward.
Long before environmental, social and governance – or ESG – Our goal is to help balance was a concept driving companies’ and stakeholders’ strategies and decision-making, our Company’s founder, Charles H. Murphy society’s need for affordable, Sr., built his company on a strong commitment to integrity and doing what is right for our employees, communities and reliable, secure and stakeholders.
They recognized that protecting and conserving the environment, investing in our people and communities and with the protection of the protecting the health and safety of our workforce are not only the “right” things to do, they also underpin our financial stability and environment and climate.
support our ongoing license to operate and sustain long-term value creation.
Communicating our ESG commitments, plans and progress is key to enhancing our business, improving operations and We are committed to conducting strengthening our credibility with our our business in a responsible stakeholders, see .
global energy transition it requires, also presents important risks and opportunities for our industry and our Company.
We believe our longtime commitment to operating responsibly and using resources efficiently – and our environmentally Our Climate Change Position advantaged portfolio – position us to meet the challenges Find out more about our climate change and seize the opportunities of the energy transition so we position on the Murphy Oil Corporation can remain an industry leader for years to come.
For the purposes of our ENVIRONMENT sustainability reporting, we have adopted Ipieca/API/IOGP’s definition of “material” as outlined in “Sustainability Reporting • Climate change, including the energy transition Guidance for the Oil & Gas Industry, 4th Edition, 2020”: “Material and scenario analysis issues are those that – in the view of both management and • Greenhouse gas emissions, including Scope 3 external stakeholders – have the potential to significantly affect a • Water management company’s sustainability performance and stakeholder awareness, assessments or decisions.”
Check and confirm issues – Prior to publishing, we review this report to ensure that the identified material issues are GOVERNANCE discussed adequately and appropriately.
Review the process – Upon publication of this report, we reach out to key stakeholders for feedback as to whether the report sufficiently addressed their issues of concern, and to identify areas of improvement and, where appropriate, make improvements.
Maintaining and building these relationships are with our employees, investors, the communities where we work important to us; and we use their input to guide, improve and/ and live, government and regulatory agencies, academics and or formalize our internal policies.
• Direct channels such as focus groups and interviews, investor roadshows and outreach, proxy voting
and We are committed to improving the relevancy and transparency meetings.
In 2021, we began an effort to map our ESG efforts and Meeting the SDGs by 2030 will require the private sector, priorities onto the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), including our Company, to work alongside governments, which provide a blueprint to achieve a better and more nongovernmental organizations and communities.
MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 10 2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 12 --- IINNTTRROODDUUCCTTIIOONN ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE BOARD COMMITTEES The Health, Safety, Environment and Corporate Responsibility ESG Executive Management Committee (HSE&CR) Committee leads the Board’s oversight of Reports to HSE&CR Board Committee sustainability issues and strategy development, including climate, environmental performance, health and safety, diversity, equity Chaired by President and Chief Executive Officer and inclusion of our workforce, and community engagement.
The following Board committees enhanced their charters in Current members: 2021 to reflect their continued oversight of certain ESG-focused responsibilities: President and Chief Executive Officer • The Audit Committee is responsible for reviewing Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer programs related to risk oversight, including cybersecurity Executive Vice President, Operations and compliance with the Company’s Code of Business Senior Vice President, General Counsel Conduct and Ethics.
The Executive Compensation Committee is responsible Vice President, Human Resources and Administration for reviewing the Company’s key human capital management strategies.
Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications • The Nominating and Governance Committee is Director, Governance and Legal Services responsible for developing criteria for Board membership Director, Sustainability that encourages a diversity of backgrounds and perspectives, including diversity of race, ethnicity, gender and national origin, and actively seeks individuals qualified to become Board members for recommendation to the Sustainability Working Group Board.
The Committee also oversees the Company’s Reports to ESG Executive Management Committee lobbying activities and political spending, and reviews current and emerging governance trends, issues and Chaired by Director, Sustainability concerns that may affect the Company’s business, operations, performance or reputation.
Comprised of representatives from the following To view detailed responsibilities for each Board Committee, business units: please refer to our website.
This committee Environmental Risk Management is comprised of our President and Chief Executive Officer and Human Resources senior executives representing key functional areas across the Supply Chain Management Company.
Ensure the Company has timely and accurate information regarding laws, regulations and industry trends related SUSTAINABILITY WORKING GROUP to ESG matters, including climate; responsible business The Sustainability Working Group is a cross-functional team conduct; the community; and diversity, equity and inclusion.
of subject matter experts that manages and coordinates the publication of our annual Sustainability Report as well as other • Monitor and advise the Company on current and emerging ESG matters and efforts, as directed by the ESG Executive ESG matters, including risks and opportunities, that may Management Committee.
Assist the HSE&CR Board Committee or other Board evaluate and implement technologies to support our corporate Committees with respect to ESG matters.
The committee has delegated the responsibility of producing the annual Sustainability Report to the Sustainability Working Group.
Further, the committee may delegate other responsibilities to other working groups or subcommittees.
This commitment is embedded in the way we have structured our portfolio of assets, developed our strategy and implemented continuous improvements in our operational processes.
Mr. equipment upgrades and new technologies, which help to Murphy was honored with the National Wildlife Federation’s monitor, measure and improve our environmental performance.
the same time, access to affordable, reliable, secure energy We have also committed to reduce our Scope 1 and 2 GHG is essential to improving the world’s quality of life and the emissions intensity by 15% to 20% by 2030 against a 2019 functioning of the global economy.
We believe that as the energy baseline, excluding the Malaysia operations, which we divested in economy transitions under the Paris Agreement, oil and natural 2019.
We continue to capture, track and improve our reporting of gas will continue to play a vital role in the long-term energy mix.
At Murphy, we are committed to reducing our GHG emissions, In this section, we share our efforts to improve our emissions and focused on understanding and mitigating climate change performance and our climate governance, strategy, risk risks.
To guide our climate change strategy, Murphy has adopted identification and management and metrics and targets, in a climate change position, and we are setting meaningful alignment with the Task Force on Climate-related Financial emissions goals.
Our Climate and Emissions Goals and Progress Target Progress reduction of on track Reduce 15-20% 20% ▼ ▼ Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Intensity by 2030 (from 2019) achieved in 2021 0
In 2020, we became a TCFD supporter and adopted its framework to begin our climate-related reporting.
Since then, we have expanded our disclosures year-on-year to align with the framework.
The organization’s Enhanced charters of three Board committees to reflect their governance around continued oversight of certain ESG-focused responsibilities climate-related risks and Reviewed and updated our climate change position, originally opportunities () developed in 2008 Conducted an assessment on the alignment of our climate change position versus that of our key trade associations
Net Zero Emissions by 2050 risks and opportunities on Scenario (NZE) the organization’s businesses, Added a more comprehensive discussion of climate-related risks strategy and financial and opportunities, including potential time horizon and financial planning () impacts Risk The processes used by the Augmented discussion on how we identify and assess climate- organization to identify, related risks Management assess and manage climate- Expanded discussion of mitigation strategies for identified risks and related risks () efforts for identified opportunities Metrics and The metrics and targets Reported our performance against our climate goals used to assess and manage Targets Engaged a third party to conduct an independent assurance of relevant climate-related risks our absolute Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions for the second and opportunities () consecutive year Added an annual GHG emissions intensity goal as a performance metric in our Company’s annual incentive plan Reported our estimated Scope 3, Category 11: Use of Sold Products GHG emissions Expanded climate-related metrics to align with the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) for oil and natural gas exploration and production companies and the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 15 2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 16 --- INTRODUCTION EENNVVIIRROONNMMEENNTT SAFETY
OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Transparent Emissions Reporting Murphy is committed to transparently reporting, as well as reducing, our GHG emissions.
We have continually refined our emission surveys as we strive for improved measuring and tracking.
This team is tasked to identify, combustion sources and processes that emit predominantly evaluate and implement technologies to support our corporate methane.
The team maintains a funnel of project ideas prioritized by impact, feasibility and cost, We have made investments to reduce GHG and other emissions, addressing both the short and long term.
We follow a rigorous inspection and preventative 2017 and 2021, our total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions fell by maintenance program to keep operations running clean and 55%, and total company GHG emissions intensity decreased by efficiently, and our operations and facility design teams work almost 50%.
Through our targeted efforts, as outlined below, collaboratively to incorporate GHG reduction technologies our emissions intensity decreased by about 20% from 2019 and practices into our existing operations, as well as new to 2021, putting us on a clear path to achieving our goal of infrastructure.
The Environmental applicability across our business units and functions, including Partnership, and the Texas Oil & Gas Association (TXOGA), to asset operations, engineering, subsurface, drilling and ensure the reductions are sustainable under future increased completions, and environmental specialist functions.
As a result, the Company is monitoring enables us to detect leaks sooner, target targeting efforts to reduce methane emissions and has built significant leaks and implement repairs faster and more redundant pipelines to minimize flaring due to downstream third- efficiently.
It is also investing in technologies that reduce • Piloting of thermal cameras for remote monitoring of flares, venting and fugitive emissions, including: ponds and other locations • Electrifying facilities, pumping units and instrument air Consequently, our methane intensity has decreased by 28% from compressors 2019 to 2021.
We continue to seek improvements to reduce • Working to replace high-bleed pneumatic controllers our methane emissions and partner with industry groups to with fuel gas to low-bleed and instrument air-actuated achieve these goals, including those of TXOGA and API’s
Implementing a permanent design change to our wellsite facilities to include air compressors on all new onshore locations Methane Intensity5 Metric Tons CO e/MMBOE Metric Tons CO e/MMBOE • Continuing use and deployment of chemical pumps utilizing 2 2 solar-powered batteries 5,000 • Focusing on process efficiencies to reduce facility downtime 28% leading to venting and flaring 4,000 decrease 2019-2021 •
Implementing new well tubing designs and plunger-assisted 3,000 gas lift installations to reduce lift gas requirements for artificial lift 2,000 • Adding pipeline infrastructure to reduce venting and flaring at legacy assets 1,000 • Utilizing forward-looking infrared (FLIR) cameras, for leak detection and repair (LDAR), to reduce methane leaks by routine monitoring and repairing 0 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 5 2017 and 2018 data
Improving the efficiency of our combustion practices screens and grades our contractors on various performance reduces associated GHG emissions, as well as emissions of and company policies and procedures.
Strategies we helping our contractors and Murphy assess and document X X are using to reduce combustion-related emissions include: ESG performance, including desktop review and verification of their emissions data and implementation assessments of ESG • Dual-fuel fracturing fleet – Beginning the fourth quarter programs.
The dual-fuel fleet partially our Company’s goal to reduce emissions displaces diesel consumption with natural gas (field gas where readily available, or compressed natural gas, CNG).
In the Eagle Ford Shale in Texas, Murphy started using dual-fuel fracturing fleets for its 2021 Rather than using traditional diesel-fuel cranes, our completions and is currently evaluating the use of electric investment in electric cranes on the King’s Quay floating fracturing units.
production system, installed in the US Gulf of Mexico in • Truck transportation – We have reduced truck 2022, is expected to reduce emissions by over 92 mtCO e 2 transportation by connecting production in our operating each year, or ~2,800 mtCO e over the life of the field.
To further reduce emissions, we are currently evaluating enhancement technologies on the dual-fuel in the drilling and fracturing operations, including CNG-hydrogen blend, CNG with a combustion catalyst additive and CNG- hydrogen blend with a combustion catalyst additive.
OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE IMPROVING OUR EMISSIONS PERFORMANCE: FLARING These efforts will drive improvement in our management of Flaring of natural gas is a controlled process for eliminating emissions and climate-related risk exposure, reduction of emissions of methane and VOCs.
Murphy is committed to limiting flaring as much as As a result of our focused efforts described above, between possible at all of our locations, to protect the environment and 2019 and 2021, our flaring intensity on a mtCO e per MMBOE to capture as much natural gas as possible.
As we work to achieve our commitment always to eliminate flaring through natural gas conservation.
Per to reduce flaring, we anticipate continued improvement in the the US Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement (BSEE) methane intensity of assets under our operational control.
Flaring Intensity7 Metric Tons CO e/MMBOE Metric Tons CO e/MMBOE Our process improvements to reduce flaring include: 2 2 14,000 • Eliminating flare stacks from the design of new facilities in our Tupper Montney operations.
We have also continued decrease to decommission existing flares on locations in Tupper 8,000 2019-2021 Montney to reduce emissions from the continuous pilots.
Reducing export constraints in the Eagle Ford Shale through the addition of secondary natural gas sales points 0 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 • Introducing electronic control upgrades, in both our US and Canada operations, to reduce upsets and provide data for continuous operational improvement •
Extending our operated flowline and pipeline network and using third-party underutilized pipelines and infrastructure, where possible, to increase natural gas handling capabilities and reduce flaring OFFER SOLUTIONS Improving Compressor Reliability to Reduce Flaring Events at Eagle Ford Shale, Texas Compressors are critical to our operations.
To address the process upsets, equipment upgrades and system retrofits were undertaken, resulting in greater than 42% improvement in compressor downtime events from 2019 to 2021.
OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Committing to Emissions Reductions and Industry Partnership Murphy is one of the 26 founding members of The Environmental Partnership, launched by the API in 2017.
The SDS reflects a pathway aligned with the aim of the Paris Our strategy and asset portfolio position the Company to deliver Agreement of keeping a global temperature rise this century well on the dual challenge of providing affordable, reliable and secure below 2°C above pre-industrial levels and pursuing efforts to limit energy while lowering the intensity of emissions associated with the temperature increase even further, to 1.5°C.
Through our annual strategic planning process, we projects that oil demand will fall by 47% and natural gas demand build a strategy and business adaptable to alternative low-carbon will decrease by 39% by 2050.
Our risks fall into the following broad climate-related issues most relevant to our business model: The NZE is more ambitious and goes further than the SDS to align with the Paris Agreement objective of pursuing efforts • Regulatory – Policies and regulations related to GHG to limit the temperature increase to 1.5°C.
The NZE shows a emissions and climate change, covering the short and narrow pathway to achieve net zero emissions by 2050 and is medium term highly dependent on several factors, including: the timing and • Market transition – Global demand change toward non- emergence of new innovations and technologies, the willingness fossil fuel energy sources, covering the medium to long term of society to change behaviors, and global, lasting co-operation and policy changes.
Due to natural depletion budget and reporting period and allows for the realization of existing production supply, there is need for continued of near-term operational decisions • Medium-term – four to eight years, which includes our Global Oil and Natural Gas Demand planning cycle and captures strategic initiatives such as the materialization of exploration ventures and further capital Demand for Oil Oil allocation into our larger assets Million Barrels per Day Million Barrels per Day • Long-term – beyond eight years, and evaluated more 120 fully against the external scenarios that represent alternate transition pathways and the underlying policy, technical 100 and market assumptions, such as those defined by the International Energy Agency (IEA) 80
In particular, the Stated Policies Scenario 0 (STEPS), Announced Pledges Scenario (APS) and Sustainable 2019 2020 2030 2050 Development Scenario (SDS), as presented in the World Energy Outlook 2021, frame potential oil and natural gas demand, STEPS APS SDS NZE as well as technology, policy and societal requirements tied to energy transition pathway objectives.
n l d G fo as r Natural Gas Emissions by 2050 Scenario (NZE) in our analysis to investigate B B
Actuals STEPS APS SDS NZE STEPS APS SDS NZE STEPS APS SDS NZE Renewables, Nuclear and Biomass Coal Natural Gas Oil Source: IEA World Energy Outlook 2021 significant investment.
In the STEPS, annual upstream oil and natural gas investment averages around $650 billion between Global Oil Supply 2021 and 2030 and about $700 billion through to 2050, with 60% MMiilllliioonn BBaarrrerelsls o pf eOri lD paeyr Day spent on developing new fields.
In the APS, annual investment 120 averages about $570 billion between 2021 and 2030 and about $460 billion from 2031 to 2050.
Our existing portfolio reflects oil and Additional in APS 60 natural gas resources that can be developed and produced at an With investment emissions intensity per unit of production that is lower relative to 40 in existing and other sources on the supply curve.
However, investment in existing fields continues, with 2010 2020 2030 2040 2050 the annual upstream oil and natural gas investment averaging $235 billion between 2021 and 2050.
The IEA highlights that Source: IEA World Energy Outlook 2021 if demand is higher than assumed in the NZE, the reduced investment in new fields would cause a supply shortage, leading to higher and more volatile prices.
We believe our current portfolio of $40 existing and known future producing assets is resilient under the 2ºC transition pathway, as represented by the SDS.
As we perform the scenario analysis, we also confirm that our 2030 GHG $20 emissions intensity target is still viable.
Similar to the SDS, in this $2 scenario, our 2030 GHG emissions intensity target remains viable.
Through our ERM process, we have identified the following key climate-related transition and physical risks that might impact our strategy, and are actively managing mitigation efforts.
Key Climate-Related Transition and Physical Risks Our reporting in this section is guided by the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) framework and the references to climate risks and opportunities, including transition and physical risks, are intended to align with such framework.
For a discussion of information that is material to Murphy Oil, please see our filings with the SEC, including our Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Potential Potential Risk Time Financial Type Description Horizon Impacts Mitigation Strategies Transition: Policies/regulations Short- and Increased operating Murphy has developed focus areas to streamline our related to GHG medium-term expenses approach: Policy and emissions, climate Increased cost of • Monitoring policy and regulatory proposals Legal change, reporting capital for specific risks to our business, by our obligations, and Risk Management, Government Affairs and exposure to litigation Write-offs, asset Regulatory personnel.
• Improving external reporting and disclosure to highlight to our employees, shareholders, in addition to our other stakeholders, our understanding of and commitment to climate change initiatives.
OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Potential Potential Risk Time Financial Type Description Horizon Impacts Mitigation Strategies Transition: Three key potential risks of the market transitioning away from fossil fuels and into lower carbon emission sources are: Market Fossil-Fuel Business Medium- to Decreased revenue There is a large range of uncertainty regarding Model Disruption – long-term from reduced future rates of change, and timing is unknown.
Technologies for using demand for oil and We continue to investigate low-carbon technologies energy from non- natural gas that complement our existing assets, strategy emitting sources have Increased cost of and competencies.
We will remain disciplined the usage cost has in our capital allocation, to ensure that our future been decreasing at investments are competitive in these various a noticeably faster pathways.
Price Volatility – If Medium- to Decreased revenue We use an analytical framework that includes consumers embrace long-term from reduced scenario analysis to help us understand and manage less carbon intensive demand for oil and this risk.
energy sources and natural gas carbon pricing, Increased cost of demand could drop capital and significantly impact long-term net oil and natural gas prices.
Increased cost of capital Physical: Our US and Short-term Deferred revenue We have robust safety protocols in place, and we international and beyond from deferred maintain thorough emergency response and crisis Acute operations are production capacity management plans.
As described in the Protecting exposed to different Our People section (see ), Murphy performs Increased operating types of physical exercises and drills based on different scenarios for expenses risks, such as tropical all our businesses.
premiums Time horizon definitions: short-term – one to three years; medium-term – four to eight years; long-term – beyond eight years MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 26 2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 27 --- INTRODUCTION EENNVVIIRROONNMMEENNTT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Key Climate-Related Opportunities Our reporting in this section is guided by the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) framework and the references to climate risks and opportunities, including transition and physical risks, are intended to align with such framework.
Improved methane Short-term Increased revenue Continue with our efforts to reduce methane (see capture ).
Efficiency Energy Use of lower-emission Short- and Reduced exposure Fulfill our commitments to The Environmental sources of energy and medium-term to GHG emissions Partnership, as well as identifying electrification, Source new technologies and therefore less renewables (like solar and hydrogen) and sensitivity to changes infrastructure opportunities throughout our in cost of carbon operations, as discussed in Improving Our Emissions Performance (see ).
Increased capital availability (as more Evaluate and implement design concepts for investors favor lower- new offshore facilities that improve emissions emissions producers) intensity over the life of the facility, such as the improvements we implemented in the King’s Quay Reputational benefits floating production system.
resulting in increased demand for goods Products, Natural gas as lower- Long-term Increased revenue Use our natural gas assets in Canada as low- emissions fuel intensity resource.
Services Increased capital Development of availability (as more Allocate capital to investments in resources that and natural gas markets investors favor lower- will remain economically attractive under various Markets with carbon capture for emissions producers) transition pathways.
power generation Reduced exposure Development of to GHG emissions natural gas markets and therefore less with carbon capture sensitivity to changes for blue hydrogen in cost of carbon production Entering the carbon value chain as a storer in enhanced oil recovery Time horizon definitions: short-term – one to three years; medium-term – four to eight years; long-term – beyond eight years CLIMATE METRICS AND TARGETS We are committed to reducing emissions and progressing We use a range of metrics to assess our climate and emissions towards our emissions intensity goal.
To ensure the integrity of our efforts and performance, including absolute and intensity metrics emissions data, for a second consecutive year, we have engaged for Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions, Scope 3 GHG emissions, ERM Certification and Verification Services (ERM CVS) to conduct methane, flaring, air quality, water and waste management.
exploration and production companies (see for our For 2021, the Executive Compensation Committee of our SASB index) and the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) (see page Board added an annual GHG emissions intensity goal as a 89 for our GRI index).
plan also includes safety and spill performance metrics, which we We have established two external targets to drive our emissions incorporated several years ago.
The target metric for 2022 was set performance: a commitment to eliminate routine flaring by 2030 to ensure we remain on the path to achieving our medium-term and a goal to reduce Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions intensity goal of reducing our gross operationally controlled GHG emissions by 15% to 20% by 2030 from a 2019 baseline.
in Improving Our Emissions Performance (see ), our performance in 2021 puts us on a clear path to achieving our 2030 targets.
Our GHG emissions intensity decreased by about 20% from 2019 to 2021.
Our recently formalized onshore Water Management Policy level down to field personnel, to responsible water management outlines our commitment to reduce consumption of fresh water practices, stewardship and conservation in all areas where we and conduct responsible water management practices.
For example, over animal life while minimizing the impact of our operations the last five years, Murphy has invested over $40 million in • Deploying new treatment technologies to our water infrastructure to minimize our dependence on fresh water and management process maximize our use of recycled produced and flowback water and • Continually expanding our water infrastructure network other alternative sources.
Tracking and reporting water metrics to drive transparency, ONSHORE learnings, optimization and future planning Water is a key input for our hydraulic fracturing operations and is therefore critical to maintaining our onshore production Water Management Strategy and Risk Management targets.
To help ensure our water use is sustainable, we have Our water management strategy provides the philosophy and a comprehensive water management policy and strategy that framework for how we identify and manage short-term and addresses planning and forecasting, water sourcing, treatment, long-term needs, develop solutions and optimize our programs.
We undertake We use the World Resource Institute’s Aqueduct Water Risk comprehensive planning to ensure adequate volumes and quality Atlas tool to determine baseline overall water risk levels to aid of source water are available when required, with the goal of in decision-making processes.
We have constructed and consider a range of factors, including ways to reduce freshwater plan to construct produced water ponds in these low-medium use, preferences of area stakeholders, regional regulations, areas to further reduce our freshwater consumption.
affecting the environmental flow needs of downstream aquatic ecosystems, maintains available free water allocation In 2021, we worked with water disposal vendors to develop an for other local area water users and decreases the potential agreement for us to use third-party produced water that would of needing to withdraw water at times of stress or drought otherwise be sent to a disposal well, resulting in reduced need where access to water may be restricted.
These stations are monitored electronically, which ensures data integrity and In the Eagle Ford Shale, Texas, resource play, a hybrid reservoir makes data analysis more efficient.
They also monitor flow rates weekly above-ground pipeline system and access to groundwater wells to bi-weekly while withdrawing, to ensure compliance.
In 2021, we In the future, we plan to expand the scope of the program to invested capital to optimize our facilities and produced water include local and regional precipitation and snowpack, which ponds, allowing larger volumes of production water for storage will provide data trends to predict possible drought or high and reuse rather than trucking the water off to disposal.
This infrastructure reduces our demand on local freshwater sources and substantially reduces the number of trucks needed to support day-to-day operations.
In the Kaybob Duvernay, Canada, resource play, a unique area posing unique logistical challenges, Murphy invested in a 22- mile freshwater pipeline and reservoir infrastructure in 2019 and 2020.
We continue to evaluate solutions to increase recycled water utilization in the area by working with other operators and third-party services.
The percentage 0% 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 of recycled water to total water consumed increased from 4% in 2020 to 17% in 2021, which is the highest annual recycling Ground Water Municipal Surface Recycled performance achieved in our corporate history.
We continue 18% 17% 24% 80% 66% to explore opportunities and technologies to support efforts to 75% 77% 77% increase our recycling ratio.
60% 68% 40% 20% Onshore Water Use 23% MMiillllioionn B Bararerrlsels WeWllesl lsC Coommppleletteedd 0% 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 40 120 105 97 Ground Water Municipal Surface Recycled 100 86 30 TTuuppppeerr MMoonntntenyey 80 1% 32% 10% 38% 100% 83% 20 60 80% 90% 39 37 40 60% 68% 62% 10 40% 20 20% 0 0 16% 0% 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 0% 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 Freshwater Recycled Water Number of Wells Completed Ground Water Municipal Surface Recycled KKaayybboobb DDuuvevrenranyay In the Eagle Ford Shale, we have increased the recycled volumes 100% 92% 97% 96% to 11% in 2021 from 8% in 2020.
As a result 20% of this large availability of recycled water, we increased our 8% 3% 3% 0% produced water use to 38% in 2021, the highest performance 0% achieved since development of the asset began.
Today, the app supports our entire onshore water operations in the US and Canada with real-time monitoring, reporting and alerts.
These groups include the Offshore Operators sourced from seawater and is either untreated or treated with Committee (OOC) Water Subcommittee, Montney Water metal ions.
Operators Group (MWOG), Fox Creek Operators Group (FCOG) Water Management Sub-Committee, Kiskatinaw River Users Potable water for hygiene and galley use is generated through Group, Ipieca Water Working Group, and the South Texas Energy reverse osmosis, and then returned to the sea through overboard & Economic Roundtable (STEER) Water Committee.
We are committed to protecting of any subsea equipment and facilities for oil and natural biodiversity at all stages of project lifecycles.
conservation – which is aligned with the mitigation hierarchy – is • While conducting operations, the project footprint is summarized below: continuously monitored for impacts that are not intended • Avoid – In pre-operations assessments, we evaluate or outside project scope.
referenced against public databases of biodiversity and • The HSE department, led by its Vice President, Health, cultural information to create a Regulatory Site Assessment Safety and Environmental, manages the closure of each (RSA), which determines if any state, provincial or federal impacted area to ensure our remediation goals are met and government-established areas of High Conservation Value that all reporting documentation is properly finalized for of concern exist in the proposed project area.
We involve the surrounding community in our biodiversity stakeholders in the development process to ensure surface land assessments, mitigation planning and site closure process.
stakeholder concerns are provided in the public notification SPILLS MANAGEMENT Managing spill risk is a critical element in reducing our peer data, we set our target to drive for favorable performance environmental impact.
covered by our HSE Policy and HSE Management System, Asset Thanks to the efforts of our employees, contractors and those Integrity Management and internal annual targets.
performing work at Murphy operations, our spill rate was zero Murphy tracks its environmental releases throughout the year BBL spilled per MMBOE produced for 2021, substantially below and evaluates the data for preventative measures and continual our target of 3.2 BBL per MMBOE and better than the IOGP improvement.
Historically, internal targets were set based on North America 2020 benchmark of 1.6 BBL per MMBOE.
More notably, Murphy has not had an offshore spill greater than In 2019, we modified the spill metric target used in our annual 1 BBL since 2003.
Our Global Asset Integrity and Reliability including pressure piping, pressure equipment, offshore team continues to focus priorities, increase collaboration handrails, grating, riser and structural integrity, through visual across business units and standardize practices and procedures assessment, thickness measurement programs and anomaly throughout the organization.
The team is structured as an international support continuous improvement of our integrity programs.
team providing global operational support for our integrity management programs.
All PSE 1 and 2 events are investigated for We emphasize risk-based inspections.
We implement digital root cause, and we implement corrective actions to avoid repeat information systems to improve awareness of risk and the incidents.
For occur, we may perform root-cause analysis to identify potential example, we continue to improve on our use of a commercial underlying systemic issues that could result in higher severity pipeline risk-assessment tool, which houses risk assessments incidents.
Murphy reviewed in the HSE Steering Committee meetings with senior was the first operator in the industry to include US onshore management and also reviewed in field-level safety meetings.
Through these assessments, we identify Murphy’s Process Safety Program for all personnel who areas of higher risk and are able to run targeted projects to interact with Operations.
These projects include construction activities RP 754. as well as improved maintenance programs such as optimized pigging programs, in-line inspections (ILI), verification digs, •
allows us to increase performance and safety by improving our response time to rationalized alarms.
We have completed baseline ILIs for can lead to process safety events, identifying nuisance approximately 90% of all Canadian production pipelines older alarms, and tracking the alarms in place for improvement than five years.
to support continuous improvement of our integrity programs, to help us respond more effectively to the dynamic nature of our operations.
This dashboard has improved start-to-closeout the overall environmental impact (the production fluids release timing and has improved overall adherence to our to the atmosphere) has been reduced, with zero IOGP spills management of change program.
We ensure that our wells are designed, drilled, completed and maintained to high and Murphy Murphy WWD and WWD Policy Well Operations Policy consistent standards, complying with all relevant laws and regulations, and compatible with the balanced economic and environmental needs of the community.
Well Testing Program continuous improvement opportunities.
Technical and Contractor Bridging Documents Completion Program Local Manuals Basis of Design H2S Contingency Plan Our well integrity guidelines, policies and procedures are aligned Floating Drilling (local) Risk Assessments with best practices and exceed regulation standards around the Standard Operating Procedures Best Practices world where we operate.
Our Barrier Policy includes specifications for barrier types, barrier verification and independence, well life cycle, barrier hazard assessment and performed to ensure integrity of all the casing strings installed.
pore pressures and rock fracture gradients, to site and design wells in ways that will prevent loss of well control and, in the case Our engineers participate in quarterly Gulf of Mexico deepwater of onshore wells, ensure the protection of freshwater aquifers.
Industry lessons learned and best • Install multiple isolation barriers – We place steel casing practices are referenced when the Murphy Worldwide Drilling and then pump cement to protect the steel and provide Policy is reviewed, to support continuous improvement.
engineers work with vendors to identify and analyze technological • Identify and mitigate potential drilling hazards – We and operational improvement opportunities for application to our identify zones with potential drilling hazards (such as assets/projects.
hydrogen sulfide, carbon dioxide or high pressure) and use Our vendor selection process includes criteria for environmental American National Standards Institute/National Association and safety performance; we choose to work with contractors that of Corrosion Engineers (ANSI/NACE) standards to select support our sustainability goals.
We also contract with drilling proper materials and chemicals to ensure integrity of the rig quality assurance audit companies, whose highly skilled wellbore and surface equipment to prevent corrosion for consultants create value by advising on HSE risk mitigation and the life of the well.
Their goal is to • Implement careful casing design and testing – When assist clients in achieving their objectives of working safely with developing casing designs, we take into account no incidents, accidents or injuries and recognizing issues that will considerations such as temperature, pressure, bending, reduce nonproductive time, while lowering overall cost.
are put in place to ensure that activities are executed in a flow- We continuously monitor offshore wells to ensure all wellbore controlled and safe manner.
During recent Eagle Ford Shale Reclamation efforts in 2020, we Murphy performs well abandonments according to federal or were able to reuse reclaimed pad site material on surrounding state laws and regulations.
We work to ensure downhole isolation roads for maintenance purposes, thus reducing the amount of of hydrocarbon and sulfur zones, protection of any freshwater new material needed from third-party sources.
Representatives sat on reviewed in our Eagle Ford Shale operations in order to minimize various committees and provided engineering and operational future land use and impacts.
We include funding each year in industry-led initiative to promote continuous safety improvement our Long Range Plan and Budget to reclaim certain pad and for offshore drilling, completions and operations through effective road sites when applicable, on a yearly basis.
The process, along with dedicated In our offshore operations, our optimized chemical usage reduces technical optimization efforts, facilitated the average risks associated with the transportation of materials, as well as reduction in facility chemicals of 19% from 2021 to 2020 at transportation-related emissions.
Our Delta House Facility in the Gulf of Mexico completed We are also working with vendors on new product development a comprehensive optimization program for the topsides to improve efficiencies to reduce overall usage.
Our Front Runner and Medusa facilities were able to optimize defoamer usage, resulting in a 50% reduction in Key improvements we have achieved recently include: chemical usage in 2021 from 2020.
Fluid capture and reuse reduces the volume of base quarterly to the EPA. fluid used to drill wells that must be “made up” or added back into the process from well to well, while optimizing the overall We use specific synthetic-based drilling fluids that reduce well control process.
This includes where they are In 2022, Murphy initiated a pilot program to improve recycling initially sited, standards of safety, physical design and operations across all of our offshore facilities.
The centralized location for onshore along with scheduling proactive maintenance and repairs drilling, completions and well management improves our when recurrent issues are identified.
The ROC monitors pipeline pressures 24 hours a day, which prevents spills and also improves safety and environmental These applications help us avoid potential incidents and performance, by reducing the time technicians spend on the respond more quickly to out-of-usual operating parameters.
The mobile This center achieves real-time frac optimization, along with applications also provide remote troubleshooting assistance and multidisciplinary interaction, with a focus on completions just-in-time training for technicians in the field via Augmented and minimizing impacts between the other wells.
In addition to improving performance monitor managed-pressure drilling and casing flotation for and reducing potential environmental incidents, these systems challenging wells, along with re-fracs, pre-loads, sequencing also reduce emissions and safety risks by minimizing the driving and potential cube development to enhance well designs and time spent manually checking equipment.
prioritizing responses to safety, environmental and production This further enhances our machine learning, which improves impacts, and monitors their progress.
This improves the predictions and optimizes field development programs, Company’s safety culture, reduces downtime and provides including well targeting and spacing through fiber optics, micro valuable insights into making the business more efficient.
We global perspective on operational downtime data related to invest significant time and effort to normalize and clean the drilling, completions and production operations.
Planning Engine (SPE) is an in-house Integrated Planning Tool Murphy also works to improve onshore and offshore rig that allows all parts of our organization to view daily planned efficiency through technologies such as managed pressure events and optimize worker interactions and to reduce reaction drilling and automated rig technology, which focuses on time to downtime events.
will ultimately continue to improve our safety and emissions performance by allowing for better planning, quicker reaction times and by helping us place the right people to respond to events that may impact our emissions on a daily basis.
“ Culture of Safety monitoring and enhancing We aim to create a safe working environment in which everyone goes Safety Performance home safe at the end of 2021 best in last five years every day.”
We strive to achieve incident-free operations through continuous partners associated with Murphy operations and facilities, and improvement processes managed by Murphy’s HSE Management provides a consistent method for integrating HSE concepts into System (HSE-MS), which engages all personnel, contractors and our procedures and programs.
8 5 Training and Facility Competency 7 6 Design and Construction Contractor Operational Control Management and Maintenance MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 45 2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 46 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SSAAFFEETTYY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE HEALTH AND SAFETY CERTIFICATION AND AUDIT Our HSE-MS and Global Standard for Evaluation and • Reviewing any current acceptance test plans and Improvement require each Murphy business unit to conduct determining relevant sections for software, network and internal HSE field audits every three years.
We identify opportunities for improvement during control systems have been documented, and that backups this process and create corrective action plans to ensure that are available all items are addressed.
We identify any nonconformance and • Ensuring compliance with software configuration processes submit improvement actions to business unit leadership.
The conducts regular inspections of our offshore facilities and drilling program is designed to improve worker safety and reduce costs, rigs to ensure safety and environmental compliance across our thanks to favorable insurance rates and the potential reduction Gulf of Mexico operations.
improved our performance though audits, scoring higher year Specific activities undertaken by expert third parties include: after year as a result of internal program enhancements.
For our offshore teams, we have also instituted weekly Risk-Based Inspections (RBIs), in which Stop Work Authority small crews focus on equipment or processes to ensure we are Every employee and contractor has the authority, the right and capturing any potential hazards.
(4) In all cases, when you stop the job, bring senior management, employees and contractors together if you cannot make it right yourself, discuss your concerns with to demonstrate a unified commitment to safety.
Contractor Engagement Because contractors consistently make up over 80% of our work Safety Observation Program (SOP) hours, we focus on contractor engagement at two levels: (1) the The SOP is a smartphone-based application that allows workers executive level, where Murphy’s senior leadership meets with key to record and document safety observations in real time in contractors to set clear expectations of our commitment to safety the field.
This repository of data provides a basis for analyzing in the workplace, and (2) small group contractor engagement safety trends across our field operations and allows us to focus sessions in the office and field locations to provide the same our repairs and maintenance, training, and prevention efforts to message, while also creating an opportunity to receive feedback improve overall safety performance.
Data indicates that workers and input on how we can collaborate and improve our safety are engaged in the observation process and using the reporting performance.
Using Big Data and Technology Murphy targets safety improvements and efficiency gains throughout our operations with tactics such as data sharing and machine learning, which optimize field development programs and thereby reduce potential safety hazards and environmental impacts and waste.
Vehicle Safety In 2021, Murphy continued to improve vehicle safety by installing a vehicle monitoring system in all company vehicles.
As a company, we take our commitment to safety very seriously, improvement of and actively assess and measure our safety culture.
46% In 2021, our safety metrics continued to show improvement.
Our Total Recordable Incident Rate12 (TRIR), including employees and contractors, was 0.28 in 2021, an improvement of 46% on 2019.
Our Lost Time Incident Rate13 (LTIR), inclusive of actual improvement of contractor hours worked, improved from 0.08 in 2020 to 0.04 in 2021.
In addition to reporting our Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR), Lost Time Incident Rate (LTIR) and number of fatalities, we also internally track the following safety performance indicators, to drive continual improvements in safety performance: • First-aid incidents • Near-miss incidents, including high potential near-misses that trigger formal incident investigations • Non-occupational incidents • Dropped objects • Safety Observations • Process Safety Events (PSE) • Preventable Vehicle Incident Rate (PVIR) 12 Number of US Occupational Health and Safety Administration (OSHA) recordable injuries and illnesses throughout the year, per 200,000 actual hours worked.
Selecting to identify service providers that are permitted to work at Murphy and collaborating with our contractors is vital to ensure a unified locations.
commitment to maintaining a safe place to work, and ultimately Throughout the year, Murphy hosts contractor engagement improving our HSE performance.
This also allows Murphy detailed bridging process, through which we evaluate all the and our contractors to strengthen our partnerships and improve service provider’s HSE policies and procedures individually their organizations’ requirements prior to performing work on any against Murphy’s policies and procedures.
We partnered with a third-party crisis and emergency review is performed to help identify and improve any gaps in our management specialist firm to streamline our process and turn processes and procedures that we may have.
For example, for our Gulf of Mexico operations, management, site monitoring and surveillance and security we work closely with the Offshore Operators Committee assessments, along with security guards in the field and police (OOC) and the Centre of Offshore Safety.
Our employees sit on various subcommittees and We regularly provide upgraded security training to employees workgroups of these organizations.
Security and Emergency Response Manager belongs to multiple security and law enforcement working groups and committees, and monitors security events and intelligence reports from law enforcement.
“ Diversity, Equity and Inclusion We believe in creating continuous focus with new programs an inclusive culture where members of our Benefits Package workforce support and annually reviewed and enhanced respect each other.”
At Murphy, we believe in creating an inclusive culture where members of our workforce support and respect each other.
WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT OVERSIGHT Our Board is actively engaged on matters pertaining to our Responsibility Board Committee reviews and discusses workforce.
Our Vice President, oversees the Company’s key human capital management Human Resources and Administration, has overall managerial strategies, including diversity, equity and inclusion (DE&I), accountability for our human capital management and DE&I annually to ensure alignment with our short- and long-term strategies and programs.
a Cohesive Multigenerational Workforce,” and “Women, Confidence and Leadership,” while also sharing resources We partner with many organizations to increase the diversity of specific to practicing inclusiveness.
We equip managers with tools to support inclusive hiring, including an interview guide to reinforce a fair and equitable process.
In addition, in 2021, we implemented blind résumé screening for select roles, which involved removing candidate names and other identifiable characteristics to reduce any unconscious biases.
We also implemented a Rating Bias training for leaders as part of our formal performance management process to reduce bias.
We are in the process of reviewing our Human Resources policies based on their support for our commitment to inclusiveness and equity.
The Diversity, Equity and Inclusion committee, which consists of volunteer employees at various levels in the organization, acts as a change agent to promote a greater DE&I culture where employees are respected and intentionally valued through open, honest and productive discussions.
The committee is responsible for reviewing and recommending initiatives and partnerships that build upon our DE&I strategy and support our Mission, Vision, Values and Behaviors.
The committee is sponsored by the Vice President, Human Resources and Administration.
MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 52 2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 53 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OOUURR PPEEOOPPLLEE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE EMPLOYEE DEMOGRAPHICS request for the disclosure of EEO-1 data, we began publishing As part of our commitment to promote workforce DE&I, we our EEO-1 filing last year.
We have also received recognition from the Greater Houston Partnership in being designated as a “Best Place for Working Parents®” for our commitment to supporting working parents through our family-friendly policies and practices.
ONGOING EFFORTS We will continue to build upon our DE&I efforts, with a focus in 2022 on developing employee resource groups, expanding university partnerships, targeted and elective training and development opportunities, and expanding partnerships with minority- and women-owned businesses.
MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 53 2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 54 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OOUURR PPEEOOPPLLEE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE PAY EQUITY LOCAL HIRING We are committed to a fair and living wage for all employees.
ensure proper training is offered so that we may work toward nationalizing positions.
BENEFITS AND WELLNESS Murphy provides a comprehensive benefits package designed to In 2021, we expanded our benefits package to further support drive employee wellness and preparedness for their future.
WELLNESS Murphy offered a host of programs in 2021 to support employees.
We are committed to creating a work environment where everyone can share and be their authentic self.
OOUURR PPEEOOPPLLEE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE SUPPORT EACH OTHER and MAKE IT BETTER The Murphy Ambassador Program In 2021, the Ambassador Program expanded from 19 to 38 members, so that the program has companywide coverage on offshore platforms, field offices in Canada, South Texas Eagle Ford locations and the Houston office.
This feedback helps shape and improve new and ongoing company initiatives.
OVERSIGHT The Health, Safety, Environment and Corporate Responsibility and engagement, while managerial oversight lies with our Senior Board Committee has oversight on policies and matters Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary.
pertaining to communities, human rights and Indigenous rights WORKING WITH COMMUNITIES We seek to participate in constructive community engagement We are committed to ongoing consultation with local stakeholders and maximize our positive impacts on local communities, while throughout our operations.
Before we make an investment process is regulated by the AER and the BCOGC.
Members or commence any new operation, we apply measures to ensure of Murphy’s surface land team actively participate on several we have identified local community and stakeholder concerns and community relations committees: the Canadian Association of are effectively mitigating any known associated risks.
areas, conducting consultations at early stages of a project and The CAPL FAM Committee’s purpose is to bring together ensuring ongoing consultation mechanisms are in place, as further operators in British Columbia, Alberta and Saskatchewan to described on in connection with our Mexico operations.
The participating operators also discuss continuous and other policy influencers, to better understand the issues improvement and best practices for the industry as they relate applicable to our operations and to mitigate potential risks to the to surface land.
Residents by Mitigating Noise We seek opportunities to support local communities when negotiating and entering production-sharing contracts, for Prior to moving onto a new completion pad in Tupper example through: Montney, British Columbia, we conduct a tabletop Noise • Prioritization of local suppliers Impact Study in accordance with the requirements defined by the BCOGC Noise Control Best Practice Guideline.
We • Investment opportunities for local content run multiple simulations pre-operations.
For example, we • Specifications for local companies or workers model the daytime and nighttime sound pressure levels at each of the residences in proximity to the completions • Commitments to social investment programs, to address operations to ensure Murphy complies with applicable the development needs of the community and/or contribute regulations.
MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 58 2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 60 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE CCOOMMMMUUNNIITTYY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE INVESTING IN OUR COMMUNITIES Giving back to our communities is a key tenet of who we are.
We support our communities through strategic We also work with the American Petroleum Institute (API), partnerships with organizations that work on developing National Ocean Industries Association (NOIA) and local chambers communities, philanthropy and employee volunteerism.
and We invest in our communities to build the local workforce, expand workforce capacity building.
They are strategic nongovernmental organizations, including the API, American investments in the communities that support us and increase the Association of Petroleum Geologists (AAPG), Energy & critical talents and services we and our communities need.
STEER was created, in large part, to support positive developments that are beneficial for the local communities and Local Hiring to successfully integrate the oil and natural gas industry into the We prioritize hiring locally, which allows us to contribute to region.
When immediate talent is not available, we STEER focuses on several critical community issues, including ensure proper training is offered so that we may work toward availability of housing, healthcare services and infrastructure, road nationalizing positions.
The committee various international regions where we operate, in accordance serves as a community stakeholder forum to develop plans to with local law.
STEER How We Support Our Communities Strategic Partnerships Philanthropy Employee Volunteerism MMUURRPPHHYY OOIILL CCOORRPPOORRAATTIIOONN 6600 22002222 SSUUSSTTAAIINNAABBIILLIITTYY RREEPPOORRTT --- PAGE 61 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE CCOOMMMMUUNNIITTYY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE The El Dorado Promise Studies done by the Office for Education Policy at the University
In addition to collaborating with industry groups, we also work of Arkansas in 2018 indicate that there was a 16.5% increase directly to build community and workforce capacity.
Though we are no longer headquartered in El Dorado, the Promise was associated with an overall 10.7% increase in Arkansas, where Murphy was founded, we continue our longtime bachelor’s degree completion and a 12.7% increase in bachelor’s commitment to offer opportunities and expand workforce degree completion for Promise scholars whose high school capabilities in the community.
Through a $50 million commitment from the Company, the Promise enables graduates of El Dorado High School who have been enrolled in the school district since at least the ninth grade to have their college tuition and mandatory fees paid at any regionally accredited university, public or private, in the US (capped at the highest annual resident tuition at an Arkansas public university).
We are thrilled to raise our children and invest in the same community that supported us for years.
MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 62 2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 63 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE CCOOMMMMUUNNIITTYY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE COMMUNITY GIVING AND VOLUNTEERING focus on issues that will have the greatest impact for our local For more than half a century, Murphy has been committed to communities and employees while building on our longstanding giving and volunteering in our communities.
We Education and Training Health and Well-Being Civic and Community • Continued commitment to • Volunteered at the Houston • Volunteered on a community the El Dorado Promise, see Food Bank garden rejuvenation project at the Volunteers of America • Held multiple clothing drives Empowerment Center •
Provided scholarships to Fox to collect winter clothing and Creek High School graduates clothes for children • Raised more than $320,000 in Canada for United Way • Participated in Walk to End Murphy’s • Participated in the Read Alzheimer’s, a fundraiser for • Pledged a total of $300,000 Efforts Across America program, Alzheimer’s care, support and over 2021 to 2025 for the where we virtually read books research Louisiana Highway 1 Phase 2 to classrooms in the Houston Improvement Project area, and shared information about where we work, what we do and why reading is important Aligned with These UN SDGs “Giving back to our MAKE IT BETTER Murphy Pledged $300,000 to the communities is a key tenet Louisiana Highway 1 (
We believe Improvement Project LA 1 is the only roadway supporting Port Fourchon, that we can make the most the United States’ busiest intermodal energy port, the Louisiana Offshore Oil Port (LOOP) and Grand Isle.
MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 63 2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 64 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE CCOOMMMMUUNNIITTYY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Employee Volunteerism We recognize and support the positive impact our employees make.
Through the Employee Gift Matching Program, the Company increases its match of employee contributions 2:1 for educational institutions.
MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 64 2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 65 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE GOVERNANCE AND RESPONSIBLE BUSINESS PRACTICES “ GHG Intensity Goal added to annual incentive plan Our governance practices provide powerful alignment Cybersecurity between our business continuous enhancements and ESG goals.”
Input from stakeholders help to engage with them regularly to share our strategy, goals and guide and improve our efforts in the short and long term.
President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary and our Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications, oversee our Stakeholders Engagement Channels Details Shareholders • Annual shareholder meeting Our Approach to ESG, • Equity conferences, debt conferences and investor roadshows Shareholder Engagement, see below • One-on-one investor discussions, including ESG-focused meetings 2022 Proxy Statement Contact our Investor Relations team Contact our Corporate Secretary Employees • Quarterly town hall meetings Investing in Our People, • Employee engagement surveys Building a Culture of Safety, • Murphy Ambassador Program Worldwide Health, Safety and • Employee resource groups Environmental Policy • Professional development programs •
Wellness programs Third-Party Ethics Hotline • Safety trainings and Safety Culture surveys • Ethics trainings and hotline Suppliers and • Assessments and engagement meetings Building a Culture of Safety, Contractors • Quarterly Business Reviews Contractor Management, • Reviews and audits Supplier Code of Conduct • Safety trainings and Safety Culture surveys, and exercise drills • Monthly safety meetings Worldwide Health, Safety and • ISNetworld (ISN) Environmental Policy Landowners, • Designated grievance and resolution mechanisms for different Working With Communities, Indigenous parties, including Indigenous populations Investing in Our Communities, Groups and Local • Ongoing engagement with parties Owner relations number and website • Community outreach, volunteering efforts and philanthropy Communities Human Rights Policy Indigenous Rights Policy The El Dorado Promise Scholarship Program Government and • Participation in select HSE meetings, inspections and events Health and Safety Certification and Audit, Regulatory Agencies • Legislative and regulatory engagement •
Industry collaboration groups and trade associations Public Advocacy, Others: Peers, • Peer engagement through working groups, seminars and trade Industry Associations, Universities, NGOs associations Investing in Our Communities, • Joint research programs • Outreach and partnership with NGOs SHAREHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
In 2021, we offered one-on-one discussions with our 25 largest We value the feedback and insights that we receive from institutional investors, who hold more than a combined 60% our shareholders through ongoing dialogue.
Several significant investors, we participated in 15 investor events and met with over 200 holding over 40% ownership interests in our Company, investors.
For more information on our leadership team proactively engaged in discussions with shareholder engagement process and our responsive program institutional investors to solicit their input on the strengths and changes in recent years including 2021, please see our 2022 weaknesses of the Company’s strategy, corporate governance, Proxy Statement.
MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 67 2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 69 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GGOOVVEERRNNAANNCCEE PERFORMANCE Cybersecurity Risk Management To manage cybersecurity risks, we focus on three areas: Technology People Process Murphy utilizes industry leading All Murphy employees and Murphy targets integration of best- technologies to safeguard against contractors are required to complete a in-class cyber hygiene across all key sophisticated cyberattacks, such as cybersecurity training annually and have business and operational processes.
In response to the increasing threat Murphy IT employs an industry-leading Murphy has forged strong partnerships climate, Murphy further enhanced security awareness and education with top security companies and security of its devices by aligning platform to assess our users’ vigilance communities of interest.
We ensure our business-critical systems Our security professionals recognize the With the business need for rapidly are available 24/7/365 by employing a criticality of our workforce remaining evolving skills and technologies, we proactive disaster avoidance strategy up to date on emerging threats, understand the importance of engaging that focuses on resilience in addition breaches, and cyber risks.
Murphy holds these redundancy in our business-critical communication channels to educate service providers to a high standard systems, we have reduced the recovery our users on best practices, security and routinely reviews auditor-issued time of these systems and mitigated guidelines, and preventative measures reports on the design and effectiveness adverse business risks.
However, we recognize cyberthreats are constantly evolving and are committed to cultivating a culture of security, remaining vigilant and continually improving our cybersecurity environment and controls.
Our suppliers are critical to the success and delivery of our Murphy constantly assesses improvement opportunities operational goals.
In 2021, we have core values of safety, social responsibility and continuous expanded the ESG data we collect from suppliers to include improvement as outlined in our Code of Business Conduct.
Code of Conduct for their employees As part of our procurement process for operational vendors, a • 87% report also having a workplace anti-discrimination policy supplier qualification process is conducted in collaboration with various parts of the organization to ensure vendor suitability, based Additionally, to further emphasize robust ethical standards across on an array of considerations.
This Supplier Code of Conduct ensures that • Technical all our various suppliers, including security contractors, conduct themselves in accordance with the ethics and values expressed • Compliance history/record in Murphy’s own internal Code of Business Conduct and Ethics.
Environmental record We believe that Murphy and our business partners holding each other mutually accountable to high ethical standards will help • Business alignment ensure that all parties strive to Murphy’s “Do Right Always” ideal.
SUPPLIER DIVERSITY We are working to increase the diversity of our supplier base as part of our commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion.
Reserves Valuation and Capital Expenditures Amount Invested in Renewable Energy $ 98,570 7,200 53,000 Revenue Generated by Renewable Energy $ 0 0 0 Sales Business Ethics and Transparency Proved Reserves in Countries That Have % 0% 0% 0% the 20 Lowest Rankings in Transparency International’s Corruption Perception Index Probable Reserves in Countries That Have % N/A N/A N/A the 20 Lowest Rankings in Transparency International’s Corruption Perception Index MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 78 2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 79 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PPEERRFFOORRMMAANNCCEE API Template 2.0 for GHG Reporting This voluntary Template is intended for individual company use.
Scope 3 emissions on an individual company basis are not an indicator whether global GHG emissions are being reduced and do not provide context of how GHG emissions fit within the global energy system.
Our processes are designed and implemented to ensure that the work we undertake with clients is free from bias and conflict of interest.
Code Metric Location Greenhouse Gas Emissions EM-EP-110a.1 Gross global Scope 1 emissions, percentage methane, percentage covered under Performance Data, emissions-limiting regulations EM-EP-110a.2 Amount of gross global Scope 1 emissions from: (1) flared hydrocarbons, (2) other Performance Data, combustion, (3) process emissions, (4) other vented emissions and (5) fugitive emissions EM-EP-110a.3 Discussion of long-term and short-term strategy or plan to manage Scope 1 emissions, Improving Our emissions reduction targets, and an analysis of performance against those targets Emissions Performance, Air Quality EM-EP-112a.1 Air emissions of the following pollutants: (1) NO (excluding N O), (2) SO , (3) volatile Performance Data, X 2 X organic compounds (VOCs), and (4) particulate matter (PM ) ; Improving 10 Our Emissions Performance: Combustion, Water Management EM-EP-140a.1 (1) Total fresh water withdrawn, (2) total fresh water consumed, percentage of each in Performance Data, regions with high or extremely high baseline water stress ; Water Management, pages 28-32 EM-EP-140a.2 Volume of produced water and flowback generated; percentage (1) discharged, (2) Performance Data, injected, (3) recycled; hydrocarbon content in discharged water EM-EP-140a.3 Percentage of hydraulically fractured wells for which there is public disclosure of all Performance Data, fracturing fluid chemicals used ; Chemical Stewardship, EM-EP-140a.4 Percentage of hydraulic fracturing sites where ground or surface water quality Performance Data, deteriorated compared to a baseline ; Water Management, pages 28-32; Well Integrity, Biodiversity Impacts EM-EP-160a.1 Description of environmental management policies and practices for active sites Biodiversity Protection, EM-EP-160a.2 Number and aggregate volume of hydrocarbon spills, volume in Arctic, volume Performance Data, impacting shorelines with ESI rankings 8-10, and volume recovered EM-EP-160a.3 Percentage of (1) proved and (2) probable reserves in or near sites with protected Performance Data, conservation status or endangered species habitat MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 83 2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 84 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PPEERRFFOORRMMAANNCCEE Code Metric Location Human Rights and Community Relations EM-EP-210a.1 Percentage of (1) proved and (2) probable reserves in or near areas of conflict Performance Data, EM-EP-210a.2 Percentage of (1) proved and (2) probable reserves in or near Indigenous land Performance Data, EM-EP-210a.3 Discussion of engagement processes and due diligence practices with respect to human Community rights, Indigenous rights and operation in areas of conflict Engagement, pages 57-64; Human Rights and Indigenous Rights Policies on website EM-EP-210b.1 Discussion of process to manage risks and opportunities associated with community Community rights and interests Engagement, pages 57-64; Stakeholder Engagement, EM-EP-210b.2 Number and duration of nontechnical delays Performance Data, Workforce Health and Safety EM-EP-320a.1 (1) Total recordable incident rate (TRIR), (2) fatality rate, (3) near-miss frequency rate Performance Data, (NMFR), and (4) average hours of health, safety and emergency response training for (a) ; Safety full-time employees, (b) contract employees and (c) short-service employees Performance Monitoring and Measurement, EM-EP-320a.2 Discussion of management systems used to integrate a culture of safety throughout the Protecting Our People, exploration and production lifecycle pages 43-50 Reserves Valuation and Capital Expenditures EM-EP-420a.1 Sensitivity of hydrocarbon reserve levels to future price projection scenarios that account Climate Strategy, pages for a price on carbon emissions 22-24 EM-EP-420a.2 Estimated carbon dioxide emissions embedded in proved hydrocarbon reserves - EM-EP-420a.3 Amount invested in renewable energy, revenue generated by renewable energy sales Performance Data, EM-EP-420a.4 Discussion of how price and demand for hydrocarbons and/or climate regulation Climate Strategy, pages influence the capital expenditure strategy for exploration, acquisition and development 22-24 of assets Business Ethics and Transparency EM-EP-510a.1 Percentage of (1) proved and (2) probable reserves in countries that have the 20 lowest Performance Data, rankings in Transparency International’s Corruption Perception Index EM-EP-510a.2 Description of the management system for prevention of corruption and bribery Ethical Business throughout the value chain Conduct, ; Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy and Supplier Code of Conduct on website MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 84 2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 85 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PPEERRFFOORRMMAANNCCEE Code Metric Location Management of the Legal and Regulatory Environment EM-EP-530a.1 Discussion of corporate positions related to government regulations and/or policy Climate Risk proposals that address environmental and social factors affecting the industry Management, ; Working With Communities, ; Human Rights, ; Investing in Our Communities, pages 60-64 Critical Incident Risk Management EM-EP-540a.1 Process Safety Event (PSE) rates for Loss of Primary Containment (LOPC) of greater Performance Data, consequence (Tier 1) EM-EP-540a.2 Description of management systems used to identify and mitigate catastrophic and tail- Asset Integrity and end risks Process Safety, pages 35-36; Well Integrity, pages 37-38; Chemical Stewardship, ; Seismicity, ; Protecting Our People, pages 43-50; Emergency Response and Preparedness, Activity Metric EM-EP-000.A Production of: (1) oil, (2) natural gas, (3) synthetic oil and (4) synthetic gas 2021 SEC Form 10-K EM-EP-000.B Number of offshore sites 2021 SEC Form 10-K
Matters Most, ; Climate Risk Management, pages 25-27; Enterprise Risk Management, Metrics used by the organization to assess climate-related risks and opportunities in line Climate Metrics and with its strategy and risk management process Targets, Scope 1, Scope 2 and, if appropriate, Scope 3 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, and the Climate Change and Metrics and related risks Emissions, pages 14- Targets 20; Performance Data, Targets used by the organization to manage climate-related risks and opportunities and Climate Metrics and performance against targets Targets, MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 86 2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 87 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PPEERRFFOORRMMAANNCCEE IPIECA/API/IOGP SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING GUIDANCE, 4TH EDITION, 2020 Indicator Disclosure Location Governance and Business Ethics GOV-1 Governance approach About This Report, ; Who We Are, pages 6-7; Our Approach to ESG, pages 8-12; Governance and Responsible Business Practices, pages 65-71; Corporate Governance on website GOV-2 Management systems About This Report, ; Who We Are, pages 6-7; Our Approach to ESG, pages 8-12; Protecting Our People, pages 43-50; Governance and Responsible Business Practices, pages 65-71; Corporate Governance on website GOV-3 Preventing corruption Ethical Business Conduct, ; Supply Chain Management, ; Corporate Governance and Supplier Code of Conduct on website GOV-4 Transparency of payments to host governments Public Advocacy, GOV-5 Public advocacy and lobbying Public Advocacy, Climate Change and Energy CCE-1 Climate governance and strategy Board and Managerial Oversight of ESG topics, pages 11-12; Climate Governance, ; Climate Strategy, pages 22-24; Climate Change Position on website CCE-2 Climate risk and opportunities Climate Change and Emissions, pages 14-27; Climate Risk Management, pages 25-27; Climate Metrics and Targets, ; Enterprise Risk Management, CCE-3 Lower-carbon technology Climate Change and Emissions, pages 14-27 CCE-4 Greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions Climate Change and Emissions, pages 14-27; Performance Data, pages 73-74 CCE-5 Methane emissions Improving Our Emissions Performance: Methane, ; Performance Data, pages 73-74 CCE-6 Energy use Improving Our Emissions Performance: Combustion, pages
18- 19; Performance Data, CCE-7 Flared gas Improving Our Emissions Performance: Flaring, pages 19-20; Performance Data, pages 73-74 Environment ENV-1 Freshwater Water Management, pages 28-32; Performance Data, pages 74-75 ENV-2 Discharges to water Water Management, pages 28-32; Performance Data, pages 74-75 ENV-3 Biodiversity policy and strategy Biodiversity Protection, pages 33-34 ENV-4 Protected and priority areas for biodiversity Biodiversity Protection, pages 33-34 conservation ENV-5 Emissions to air Improving Our Emissions Performance: Combustion, ; Performance Data, ENV-6 Spills to the environment Spills Management, ; Asset Integrity and Process Safety, pages 35-36; Well Integrity, pages 37-38; Emergency Response and Preparedness, ; Performance Data, ENV-7 Materials management Water Management, pages 28-32; Chemical Stewardship, ; Waste Management, ; Performance Data, ENV-8 Decommissioning Well Abandonment, ; Biodiversity Protection, pages 33-34 MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 87 2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 88 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PPEERRFFOORRMMAANNCCEE Indicator Disclosure Location Safety, Health and Security SHS-1 Safety, health and security engagement Protecting Our People, pages 43-50 SHS-2 Workforce and community health Building a Culture of Safety, pages 46-47; Health and Safety Management System, ; Benefits and Wellness, SHS-3 Occupational injury and illness incidents Protecting Our People, pages 43-50; Performance Data, SHS-4 Transport safety Building a Culture of Safety, ; Safety Performance Monitoring and Measurement, ; Performance Data, SHS-5 Product stewardship As an upstream company, we ensure that we comply with local laws and regulations pertaining to communicating the risks of handling and transporting of our products.
Chemical Stewardship, SHS-6 Process safety Asset Integrity and Process Safety, pages 35-36; Performance Data, SHS-7 Security risk management Physical Security, ; Emergency Response and Preparedness, ; Enterprise Risk Management ; Cybersecurity, Social SOC-1 Human rights due diligence Human Rights, ; Ethical Business Conduct, ; Human Rights Policy on website SOC-2 Suppliers and human rights Human Rights, ; Ethical Business Conduct, ; Supply Chain Management, ; Contractor Management, ; Supplier Code of Conduct on website SOC-3 Security and human rights Human Rights, SOC-4 Site-based labour practices and worker Health and Safety Management System, ; Human Rights, accommodation ; Ethical Business Conduct, ; Supply Chain Management, ; Contractor Management, SOC-5 Workforce diversity and inclusion Diversity, Equity and Inclusion, pages 52-54; Performance Data, ; EEO-1 Data on website SOC-6 Workforce engagement Employee Engagement, ; Performance Data, SOC-7 Workforce training and development Training and Development, SOC-8 Workforce nonretaliation and grievance mechanisms Ethical Business Conduct, ; Corporate Governance: Reporting of Concerns on website SOC-9 Local community impacts and engagement Community Engagement, pages 57-64; Stakeholder Engagement, SOC-10 Indigenous peoples Protecting Indigenous Rights, SOC-11 Land acquisition and involuntary resettlement Not applicable SOC-12 Community grievance mechanisms Working With Communities, ; Grievance Reporting, ; Corporate Governance: Reporting of Concerns on website SOC-13 Social investment Investing in Our Communities, pages 60-64 SOC-14 Local procurement and supplier development Working With Communities, ; Supply Chain Management, SOC-15 Local hiring practices Local Hiring, ; Working With Communities, MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 88 2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 89 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PPEERRFFOORRMMAANNCCEE GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE (GRI) Indicator Disclosure Location GRI 102: General Disclosures Organizational Profile 102-1 Name of the organization Murphy Oil Corporation 102-2 Activities, brands, products, and services Murphy Oil Corporation is a global oil and natural gas exploration and production company, with both onshore and offshore operations and properties.
2021 SEC Form 10-K 102-7 Scale of the organization 2021 SEC Form 10-K 102-8 Information on employees and other workers Investing in Our People, pages 51-56; Performance Data, ; EEO-1 Data on website 102-9 Supply chain Supply Chain Management, 102-10 Significant changes to the organization and its supply chain
None 102-12 External initiatives Climate Change and Emissions, pages 14- 27; Investing in Our Communities, pages 51-56; Water Management, pages 28-32 102-13 Membership of associations Industry Associations, Strategy 102-14 Statement from senior decision-maker Message to Our Stakeholders, pages 4-5 102-15 Key impacts, risks, and opportunities 2022 Sustainability Report, multiple sections; 2021 SEC Form 10-K Ethics and Integrity 102-16 Values, principles, standards, and norms of behavior Our Purpose, Mission, Vision, Values and Behaviors, ; Human Rights, ; Ethical Business Conduct, 102-17 Mechanisms for advice and concerns about ethics Ethical Business Conduct, ; Corporate Governance: Reporting of Concerns on website Governance 102-18 Governance structure Board and Managerial Oversight of ESG Topics, pages 11-12; Climate Governance, ; 2022 Proxy Statement 102-19 Delegating authority Board and Managerial Oversight of ESG Topics, pages 11-12; Climate Governance, 102-20 Executive-level responsibility for economic, environmental, and social Board and Managerial Oversight of ESG topics Topics, pages 11-12; Climate Governance, ; individual sections of report 102-21 Consulting stakeholders on economic, environmental, and social topics Engaging Our Stakeholders, ; Stakeholder Engagement, ; 2022 Proxy Statement MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 89 2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 90 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PPEERRFFOORRMMAANNCCEE Indicator Disclosure Location GRI 102: General Disclosures (cont.)
102-22 Composition of the highest governance body and its committees Governance Highlights, ; 2022 Proxy Statement 102-23 Chair of the highest governance body Governance Highlights, ; 2022 Proxy Statement 102-24 Nominating and selecting the highest governance body Board and Managerial Oversight of ESG Topics, pages 11-12; 2022 Proxy Statement 102-25 Conflicts of interest Ethical Business Conduct, ; Corporate Governance: Reporting of Concerns on website; 2022 Proxy Statement 102-26 Role of highest governance body in setting purpose, values, and strategy Board and Managerial Oversight of ESG Topics, pages 11-12; Climate Governance, ; 2022 Proxy Statement 102-27 Collective knowledge of highest governance body Governance Highlights, ; 2022 Proxy Statement 102-28 Evaluating the highest governance body’s performance 2022
Board Committee About This Report, ; HSE&CR Board Committee Charter on website 102-33 Communicating critical concerns Board and Managerial Oversight of ESG Topics, pages 11-12; Climate Governance, ; 2022 Proxy Statement 102-35 Remuneration policies 2022 Proxy Statement 102-36 Process for determining remuneration 2022 Proxy Statement 102-37 Stakeholders’ involvement in remuneration 2022 Proxy Statement Stakeholder Engagement 102-40 List of stakeholder groups Engaging Our Stakeholders, ; Stakeholder Engagement, ; 2022 Proxy Statement 102-41 Collective bargaining agreements We follow all laws in regards to a worker’s ability to bargain as a group instead of individually.
Employment 401-1 New employee hires and employee turnover Employee Engagement, ; Performance Data, 401-2 Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to Benefits and Wellness, temporary or part-time employees 401-3 Parental leave Benefits and Wellness, ; Careers: Benefits on website MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 92 2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 93 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PPEERRFFOORRMMAANNCCEE Indicator Disclosure Location GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety 403-1 Occupational health and safety management system Health and Safety Management System, 403-2 Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident investigation Asset Integrity and Process Safety, pages 35-36; Health and Safety Certification and Audit, ; Building a Culture of Safety, pages 46; Safety Performance Monitoring and Measurement, 403-3 Occupational health services Contractor Management, 403-4 Worker participation, consultation, and communication on occupational Building a Culture of Safety, ; health and safety Contractor Management, ; Emergency Response and Preparedness, 403-5 Worker training on occupational health and safety Building a Culture of Safety, ; Contractor Management, ; Emergency Response and Preparedness, ; Performance Data, 403-6 Promotion of worker health Benefits and Wellness, 403-7 Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety impacts Asset Integrity and Process Safety, pages directly linked by business relationships 35-36; Building a Culture of Safety, ;Protecting Our People, -50; Worldwide Health, Safety and Environmental Policy on website 403-8 Workers covered by an occupational health and safety management Health and Safety Management System, system 403-9 Work-related injuries Protecting Our People, pages 43-50; Performance Data, pages 76-77 GRI 404: Training and Education 404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee Training and Development, 404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs Training and Development, GRI 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity 405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees Diversity, Equity and Inclusion, pages 52-54; Governance Highlights, ; Performance Data, ; EEO-1 Data on website; 2022 Proxy Statement GRI 412: Human Rights Assessment 412-2 Employee training on human rights policies or procedures Human Rights, ; Ethical Business Conduct, GRI 413: Local Communities 413-1 Operations with local community engagement, impact assessments and Community Engagement, pages 57-64 development programs GRI 414: Supplier Social Assessment 414-1 New suppliers that were screened using social criteria Supply Chain Management, GRI 415: Public Policy 415-1 Political contributions Public Advocacy, MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 93 2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 94 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PPEERRFFOORRMMAANNCCEE UNITED NATIONS SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT GOALS
End poverty in all its forms everywhere Community Engagement, pages 57-64 Goal 2 End hunger, achieve food security and improved nutrition and Community Engagement, pages 57-64 promote sustainable agriculture Goal 3 Ensure healthy lives and promote well-being for all at all ages Climate Change and Emissions, pages 14-27; Protecting Our People, pages 43-50; Benefits and Wellness, ; Community Engagement, pages 57-64 Goal 4 Ensure inclusive and equitable quality education and promote Training and Development, ; Community lifelong learning opportunities for all Engagement, pages 57-64 Goal 5 Achieve gender equality and empower all women and girls Diversity, Equity and Inclusion, pages 52-54; Benefits and Wellness, ; Community Engagement, pages 57-64 Goal 6 Ensure availability and sustainable management of water and Water Management, pages 28-32; Spills Management, sanitation for all ; Asset Integrity and Process Safety, pages 35-36; Emergency Response and Preparedness, ; Waste Management, pages 40-42 Goal 7 Ensure access to affordable, reliable, sustainable and modern Climate Change and Emissions, pages 14-27; Climate energy for all Change Position on website Goal 8 Promote sustained, inclusive and sustainable economic growth, Training and Development, ; Community full and productive employment and decent work for all Engagement, pages 57-64; Supply Chain Management, Goal 9 Build resilient infrastructure, promote inclusive and sustainable Community Engagement, pages 57-64 industrialization and foster innovation Goal 10 Reduce inequality within and among countries Not applicable Goal 11 Make cities and human settlements inclusive, safe, resilient and Not applicable sustainable Goal 12 Responsible consumption and production—ensure sustainable Climate Change and Emissions, pages 14-27; Water consumption and production patterns Management, pages 28-32; Biodiversity Protection, pages 33-34; Spills Management, ; Asset Integrity and Process Safety, pages 35-36; Well Integrity, pages 37-38; Chemical Stewardship, ; Seismicity, ; Waste Management, pages 40-42; Supply Chain Management, Goal 13 Take urgent action to combat climate change and its impacts Climate Change and Emissions, pages 14-27; Water Management, pages 28-32; Climate Change Position on website Goal 14 Conserve and sustainably use the oceans, seas and marine Water Management, pages 28-32; Spills Management, resources for sustainable development ; Asset Integrity and Process Safety, pages 35-36; Emergency Response and Preparedness, ; Waste Management, pages 40-42 Goal 15 Protect, restore and promote sustainable use of terrestrial Water Management, pages 28-32; Biodiversity Protection, ecosystems, sustainably manage forests, combat pages 33-34; Spills Management, ; Asset desertification, and halt and reverse land degradation and halt Integrity and Process Safety, pages 35-36 biodiversity loss Goal 16 Promote peaceful and inclusive societies for sustainable Ethical Business Conduct, ; Public Advocacy, development, provide access to justice for all and build ; Supply Chain Management, effective, accountable and inclusive institutions at all levels Goal 17 Strengthen the means of implementation and revitalize the 2022 Sustainability Report, multiple sections on industry global partnership for sustainable development collaboration and partnerships MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 94 2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT --- PAGE 95 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PPEERRFFOORRMMAANNCCEE Awards and Recognition 2021 • Ranked ‘1’ by ISS Governance QualityScore (highest percentile rank) 2022 • Recognized by the Greater Houston Partnership as a “Best Place for Working Parents” • Received the President’s Volunteer Service Award from the Houston Food Bank in recognition of 2021 voluntary efforts • Named one of America’s Most Responsible Companies for 2022 by Newsweek • Named one of Houston’s 100 Leading Companies in 2022 by the Houston Chronicle • Achieved United Way of Greater Houston’s 2021-2022 Community Campaign Honor Roll, President’s Division Reader Advisory YOUR FEEDBACK IS WELCOME For questions or feedback on our 2022 Sustainability Report, please contact us at sustainability@murphyoilcorp.com.
We disclaim any duty or obligation to update the statements or information contained in this report.
Due to the use of estimate and assumptions, the information in the report may not be correct and change at any time and we make no commitment to update that information as it develops.