Since reporting on sustainability topics is an area of continual improvement across our industry, we strive to update our disclosures in line with operating developments and with emerging best practice ESG reporting standards.
Supporting Industry Efforts for Consistent and Comparable Reporting We participate in several industry initiatives working to improve sustainability reporting.
STAKEHOLDERS Additionally, this report was reviewed by a cross-functional management team, subject matter experts and the executive leadership team, as well as the Health, 8 WHO WE ARE Safety, Environment and Corporate Responsibility (HSE&CR) Board Committee.
Restatements As we improve our sustainability reporting year-on-year, we note that it may be necessary to restate our prior year data.
2 MURPHY OIL CORPORATION --- PAGE 3 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Our Purpose, Mission, Vision, Values and Behaviors Throughout this report, we highlight ways in which we are living our values as part of our commitment to ESG excellence.
Named one of “Most Responsible Companies in America 2024“ • Received the United States President’s Volunteer Service by Newsweek Award from the Houston Food Bank in recognition of • Achieved United Way of Greater Houston’s 2023-2024 2022 voluntary efforts Chairman’s Division •
Awarded the “Good Neighbor” designation by the • Recognized by PetroVietnam for excellent and outstanding Spring Branch Independent School District in Houston achievements in operating and managing petroleum • Named one of “Most Trustworthy Companies in operations in Vietnam in 2023 America 2023” by Newsweek • Named in US News and World Report’s 2024-2025 • Achieved United Way of Greater Houston’s 2022-2023 “Best Companies to Work For in Energy” Chairman’s Division • Earned AA MSCI ESG Rating • Received Institutional Shareholder Services (ISS) Governance and Social score of 1, which is the best rating possible Related Publications and Documents Your Feedback Is Welcome For questions or feedback on our 2024 Sustainability Report, • 2023
Who We Are 9 O ur Approach 3 Protecting 52 Health and Safety Oversight to ESG Our People 53 Health, Safety and Environmental Management System 54 Safety Performance Monitoring and Measurement 54 Industry Collaboration 54 Health and Safety Certification and Audit 55 Building a Culture of Safety 57 Contractor Management 58 Emergency Response and Preparedness 4 Investing in 60 Workforce Development Oversight Our People 60 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 62 Benefits and Wellness 62 Talent, Recruitment and Development 64 Employee Engagement 5 Community 66 Community Engagement Oversight Engagement 66 Working With Communities 68 Investing in Our Communities 71 Community Giving and Volunteering 6 Governance 74 Governance Highlights and Responsible 75 Stakeholder Engagement Business Practices 76 Responsible Business Practices 81 Public Advocacy 81 Supply Chain Management 7 Performance Data 84 Performance Data and Assurance 90 Independent Assurance Statement 92 API Template 2.0 for GHG Reporting 94 Content Indices 4 2024 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT MURPHY OIL CORPORATION --- PAGE 5 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE 2024 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT HIGHLIGHTS
Committed to Transparent, Consistent and Accurate Reporting ADVANCING CONTINUED OUR CLIMATE GOALS ENVIRONMENTAL STEWARDSHIP FROM 2019 TO 2023 HIGHEST GHG 37 % WATER EMISSIONS INTENSITY RECYCLING 15 % –20 % ZERO VOLUME METHANE in company history REDUCTION
FOURTH GHG INTENSITY GOAL CONSECUTIVE IN ANNUAL INCENTIVE PLAN IMPROVEMENT IN 46 YEAR OF since 2021 % TOTAL RECORDABLE INCIDENT RATE (TRIR) THIRD-PARTY ASSURANCE SUSTAINABILITY METRICS MORE THAN 15,000 PROFESSIONAL AND IN ANNUAL INCENTIVE PLAN of GHG Scope 1 TECHNICAL TRAINING COURSES OFFERED weighting of 20% approved in 2023 and 2 data MINORITY REPRESENTATION CYBERSECURITY 35 % AMONG US EMPLOYEES CONTINUOUS ENHANCEMENT WELL DEFINED $11MM+ 3,500+ BOARD AND MANAGERIAL OVERSIGHT IN CHARITABLE students AND MANAGEMENT OF ESG MATTERS CONTRIBUTIONS have received over the last EL DORADO four years PROMISE SCHOLARSHIPS since 2007 90 30 10 %
A key question is whether emissions intensity since becoming an the world will see an energy transition or independent exploration and production an energy expansion – meaning that we company in 2013, we also recorded our add to the types of energy sources we lowest methane intensity.
Our approach use to meet growing demand rather than of utilizing targeted methane emissions abandoning the energy sources, like oil and reduction programs for each asset by natural gas, that currently power our global source type has yielded effective and economy.
We continue to invest in water strategy and portfolio of comparatively management infrastructure to improve our advantaged assets allow us to deliver water recycling efforts.
We are confident Murphy achieved its highest-ever recycled that our dedication and strong legacy will water volume in the Company’s history.
Respect Safety and People Think Beyond Possible We are committed to prioritizing the Since 2019, Murphy’s absolute Scope 1 health, safety and security of our and 2 emissions have decreased by 11% employees, contractors and partners.
and our GHG emissions intensity has As we expand our international operations, decreased by 37%.
We remain on track we are focused on ensuring a consistent to achieve our 2030 goals of zero routine safety culture worldwide across our flaring and a 15% to 20% reduction in organization.
ESG APPROACH 1 2 3 4 5 COMMUNICATE WITH ENGAGE FOCUS ON WHAT PROVIDE STRONG CONDUCT SAFE, TRANSPARENCY STAKEHOLDERS MATTERS MOST OVERSIGHT AND RESPONSIBLE GOVERNANCE OPERATIONS Communicating our major We view our stakeholders We continually seek to ESG commitments, plans as important partners and advance our comprehensive The commitment of We are committed to and progress is key to actively engage with them approach to managing our Board and senior conducting our business in enhancing our business, regularly, see .
We believe we have the most change, and the global energy transition it requires, impact on the following UN Sustainable Development presents important risks and opportunities for our Goals (SDGs): SDG 3 “Good Health and Well-Being,” industry and our Company.
We believe our longtime SDG 4 “Good Education,” SDG 7 “Affordable and Clean commitment to operate responsibly and use resources Energy,” SDG 8 “Decent Work and Economic Growth” efficiently position us to meet the challenges and seize and SDG 13 “Climate Action.”
the opportunities of the energy transition, so we can A content index detailing how we contribute to the SDGs remain an industry leader for years to come.
We engage following steps: with our employees, investors, the communities where we • Identify issues – We list existing and emerging issues work and live, government and regulatory agencies, relevant to our Company and stakeholders.
Sources academics and nongovernmental organizations through: include stakeholder engagements, enterprise risk • Direct channels such as focus groups and interviews, management process, SASB’s Materiality Map, interviews investor non-deal roadshows and outreach, proxy voting with senior management, peer benchmarking and ESG and meetings.
To identify key stakeholders, we conduct a mapping process in which we prioritize stakeholders who are willing to engage • Check and confirm issues – Prior to publishing, we review this report to ensure that the identified material issues are with us.
important to us; and we use the stakeholders’ input to guide, improve and/or formalize our internal policies.
We are committed to improving the relevancy and transparency of our public disclosures on matters that are •
These disclosures include our Annual the report sufficiently addressed their issues of concern, Report, Proxy Statement and Sustainability Report, certain to identify areas of improvement and, where appropriate, questionnaires and our website.
, GHG emissions To help determine the key sustainability topics we should and energy transition focus on, we annually conduct a materiality assessment using • Water management the process prescribed by Ipieca/API/IOGP.
Community and stakeholder engagement GOVERNANCE • Board diversity, refreshment and expertise • Cybersecurity • Risk management 10 2024 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT MURPHY OIL CORPORATION --- PAGE 12 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Financial Annual Incentive Plan (AIP) for Compensation The Board’s Compensation Committee and our executive Metrics leadership team continually seek to improve the alignment 20% of our compensation programs with the interests of our stockholders, with industry developments and with our sustainability goals.
Additionally, the HSE&CR Committee 2023 AIP monitors the Company’s performance on the AIP Sustainability Weighting Sustainability metrics throughout the year.
Metrics • Safety In 2023, the Compensation Committee approved a weighting of 20% for the AIP Sustainability performance • Spills metrics, which reflects a level commensurate with the 80% • GHG Intensity weighting set in 2022.
This Reports to HSE&CR Board Committee committee is comprised of our Chief Executive Officer Chaired by Chief Executive Officer and senior executives representing key functional areas Title and functions of current members: across the Company.
Ensure the Company has timely and accurate information • Executive Vice President, General Counsel regarding laws, regulations and industry trends related and Corporate Secretary to ESG matters, including climate; responsible business • Vice President, Human Resources and Administration conduct; the community; and DE&I. • Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications • Monitor and advise the Company on current and emerging • Vice President, Sustainability ESG matters, including risks and opportunities, that may • Director, Governance and Legal Services affect its business, operations, performance or reputation or are otherwise pertinent to the Company and its stakeholders.
Sustainability Working Group Reports to ESG Executive Management Committee •
The committee • Investor Relations and has delegated the responsibility of producing the annual Communications Sustainability Report to the Sustainability Working Group, which is chaired by the Vice President, Sustainability.
The committee may delegate other responsibilities to other Operations Sustainability Focus Team working groups or subcommittees.
The Operations Sustainability Focus Team, comprised of operations and HSE specialists, was formed in 2021 to Sustainability Working Group identify, evaluate and implement technologies to support The Sustainability Working Group is a cross-functional our corporate climate and emissions strategy and goals.
To reflect the increased importance of understanding and mitigating See the Governance and Responsible Business Practices risks associated with cybersecurity and artificial intelligence section on for more on our approach to other (AI), we added a representative from our Information governance issues.
shareholder engagement (see ) and ongoing This commitment is embedded in the way we have community engagement efforts (see ).
structured our portfolio of assets, developed our strategy and implemented continuous improvements CLIMATE CHANGE in our operational processes.
We believe Mr. Murphy was honored with the National Wildlife that as the energy economy transitions under the Paris Federation’s citation for outstanding individual service for Agreement, oil and natural gas will continue to play a vital his work in bringing together oil industry leaders and national role in the long-term energy mix.
In 1999, he became At Murphy, we are committed to reducing our GHG the first oil industry executive to receive the prestigious emissions, and focused on understanding and mitigating Chevron Conservation Award.
We have also committed to and heavy oil assets, consequently reducing our exposure to reduce our Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions intensity by 15% to emissions-intensive activities.
To support effective environmental regulations – and the US Gulf of Mexico – which emissions reductions, we continue to improve our tracking can deliver barrels with some of the lowest emissions intensity and reporting of methane and flaring metrics.
In this section, we share our efforts to improve our emissions At the tactical level, Murphy strives to continually improve performance and our climate governance, strategy, risk the performance of existing assets by making investments identification and management and metrics and targets, in equipment upgrades, effective maintenance programs in alignment with the TCFD core elements.
and new technologies, which help to monitor, measure and improve our environmental performance.
We communicate 37% REDUCTION environmental management issues internally via the achieved in 2023 compared to 2019 2 Excluding divested Malaysia operations.
The organization’s governance • Board Oversight () around climate-related risks • Management’s Role () and opportunities • Climate Change Position () • Climate Change Position Trade Association Alignment (
The processes used by the • Identifying Climate Risks () organization to identify, assess • Managing Climate Risks and Opportunities () and manage climate-related risks • Key Climate-Related Transition and Physical Risks () • Key Climate-Related Opportunities () Metrics and Targets The metrics and targets used • Short-Term Metrics and Targets () to assess and manage relevant • Medium-Term Metrics and Targets () climate-related risks and • Long-Term Metrics and Targets () opportunities • External Assurance () Transparent Emissions Reporting For other overseas operations, a modified version of Murphy is committed to transparently reporting, as well EPA’s reporting created for our GHG inventory was used.
We have continually refined our emission surveys as we For sustainability reporting purposes, we include all drilling strive for improved measuring and tracking.
We expect that these efforts will drive improvement “Total GHG Emissions and Intensity, and Peer Benchmark” in our management of emissions; help reduce our exposure chart on ).
One factor that contributed to policy risk; and advance our responsible production of oil meeting our 2030 goal in 2023 is the overall increased and natural gas.
production contribution from our low-intensity offshore business, as the King’s Quay facility reaches peak and We have made investments to reduce GHG and other plateau production.
emissions-reducing initiatives, in line with best practices from organizations like the API’s Environmental Partnership In 2021, we formed the Operations Sustainability Focus and the Texas Oil & Gas Association (TXOGA), to ensure the Team, comprised of operations and HSE specialists, to reductions are sustainable under future increased activities.
identify, evaluate and implement technologies to support our corporate climate and emissions strategy and goals.
To support its work, we have also established internal reporting regulations, including an increase in the emissions technical sharing sessions that include asset operations, sources that will be included in the US EPA’s Greenhouse engineering, subsurface activities, drilling and completions, Gas Reporting Program requirements, likely modifications and environmental specialist functions, to share best in emissions measurement and calculations, and changes practices and evaluate technologies and practices across in production volumes across our assets, we expect that our business units and functions.
our emissions inventory will increase over the coming years as additional sources are added and better metrics become We have made progress in reducing our emissions through available.
We believe we will be able to maintain our our targeted efforts.
In the last five years, between 2019 achievement of this goal through 2030, and that doing so and 2023, our absolute Scope 1 and 2 emissions fell by 11%, reflects a relatively aggressive emissions reduction target and total Company Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions intensity that will drive performance improvement across the company.
decreased by 37%, putting us on a clear path to achieving our goal of reducing emissions intensity by 15% to 20% by 2030 against a 2019 baseline.
We have also met the GHG intensity target defined in our Annual Incentive Plan (AIP) for compensation since its inclusion in 2021 (see our 2024 Proxy Statement for further details).
Capital Allocation Process for MARGINAL ABATEMENT COST CURVE GHG Emissions Reduction Investments Our Operations Sustainability Focus Team maintains an inventory For illustrative purposes only, highlighting a snapshot of select of GHG emissions reduction project opportunities.
Efficiency 16 2024 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT MURPHY OIL CORPORATION --- PAGE 17 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE DISTRIBUTION OF 2023 SCOPE 1 GHG EMISSIONS 2% <1% <1% 8% 13% 22% By Asset By Source By Component 46% 54% Type Gases 68% 87% Onshore Offshore Combustion Flared Vented Carbon Dioxide Methane Fugitive Process Nitrous Oxide TOTAL GHG EMISSIONS AND INTENSITY, AND PEER BENCHMARK MEETING AIP TARGET RANGE GHG INTENSITY METRIC
Using this data as input, We are working to develop more targeted and effective we are considering an internal methane intensity goal as a methane emissions reduction programs by increasing our precursor to setting a possible future external goal.
Venting – Pneumatic Equipment These cameras will be used to support a remote • Since the end of 2022, we have been focusing on monitoring/wellsite inspection trial in 2024.
Texas, we replaced approximately 30% of the natural gas pneumatics on wellpads and facilities and in 2024, • Conducting aerial flyover surveys using advanced imaging we expect to convert at a minimum another 50%, technologies aimed at detecting emissions across all resulting in a total of at least 80%.
Flaring • Focusing on process efficiencies to reduce facility Venting – Other Sources downtime that leads to flaring and venting.
Installing piping on new Eagle Ford Shale gas-lifted wells • Implementing new well tubing designs and plunger- to reduce blowdown-related vented emissions.
compounds (VOCs) at three Eagle Ford Shale facilities, which has improved our ability to identify and resolve leaks quickly.
Eliminating Methane Vent Sources Win-Win: Implementing Efforts to Improve Facility in Our Onshore Canada Operations Performance and Reduce Emissions Footprint Capturing or eliminating methane from routine venting In 2023 at Eagle Ford Shale, Murphy undertook efforts is a key component of Murphy’s GHG reduction strategy.
By replacing natural gas-driven chemical and centrifugal oil transfer pumps, aligning Murphy’s pumps with air- or electricity-driven pumps, we can operations with our sustainable and responsible ethos.
Increasing the pressure Offshore Methane Reduction Efforts rating from 0.5 psi to 1.0 psi reduces methane emissions In 2023, we conducted methane leak detection surveys and and enhances operational safety by minimizing leaks completed remedial action to reduce methane emissions from overpressure relief devices and optimizing the (see box below).
Our evaluations thus far Murphy’s proactive approach also extends to emissions indicate that investing in onshore methane reductions will reduction from flare stack operations.
We have used have substantially more impact than offshore investments.
ALWAYS This forward-thinking approach has set the stage for continued improvements in 2024 and the near term, as Tackling Fugitive Emissions in Our we are planning similar projects for the upcoming year.
Offshore Gulf of Mexico Operations With these types of technology and proactive strategies, In 2023, Murphy initiated a pilot program to identify Murphy not only enhances operational efficiency but and quantify fugitive emissions originating from flange also reduces emissions, making good on our steadfast connections that were undetectable to the naked eye.
As a result of our focused programs, we have reduced We currently quantify methane emissions using engineering absolute methane emissions by 32% from 2019 to 2023, with calculations, measurements, emissions factors, activity reductions coming mostly from venting and flaring.
Our total factors and manufacturers’ specifications, as prescribed by Company Scope 1 methane intensity decreased by 51% from the regulatory agencies where we operate.
We have evaluated and continue to evaluate We continue to seek improvements to reduce our methane various direct measurement technologies at site and source emissions and partner with industry groups to achieve these level, including aerial surveys and fixed continuous monitoring goals, including with the TXOGA and API’s Environmental devices.
Managing energy consumption and improving operational METHANE EMISSIONS5 efficiency of our combustion practices reduces associated GHG emissions, as well as emissions of nitrogen oxide (NO ), Metric Tons CH X 4 sulfur oxide (SO ) and VOCs.
Strategies we are using to X 7,877 reduce combustion-related emissions include: 8,000 • Onshore fracturing – Murphy has shifted to using dual- fuel fracturing fleets in the Tupper Montney and Kaybob 6,000 5,323 Duvernay in Canada and in the Eagle Ford Shale.
In 2024, at Eagle Ford 51% Shale, we will pilot deploying a battery storage system on decrease a drilling rig to reduce diesel fuel usage.
We also continued efforts with our compressor rental service provider to improve compressor runtimes and engine efficiency. 0 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 • Electrification – We continue to electrify facilities, pumping units and instrument air compressors.
Murphy is committed to limiting flaring at all of our locations, to protect the environment 6,000 66% decrease and to capture as much natural gas as reasonably possible 5,000 2019-2023 to sell.
Our process improvement and asset reliability efforts to reduce flaring include: • Eliminating flare stacks from the design of new facilities in our Tupper Montney operations.
We have also continued to decommission certain existing flares in Tupper Montney Managing Stranded Wells to Eliminate to reduce emissions from the continuous pilot flare.
Routine Flaring and Conserve Natural Gas Our Engineering and Operations teams continue to work • Implementing facility slugging-prevention projects in to find ways to connect onshore stranded well locations to the Eagle Ford Shale to reduce process fluctuations pipelines, to reduce routine flaring and increase revenue and upsets, thereby reducing downtime and flaring.
Further, any new wellpads where possible, to boost natural gas handling capabilities; would be connected to the infrastructure to eliminate this reduces flaring and increases our natural gas sales.
For flares and other equipment that would have vented example, we reduced gas transport constraints in the Eagle natural gas to the atmosphere.
As we work to achieve our commitment to reduce flaring, we anticipate continued improvement in the methane intensity of assets under our operational control.
MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 2024 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 21 --- PAGE 22 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Opportunities for the Future Committing to Emissions Reductions
Estimated Scope 3 Net 2020 2021 2022 2023 Equity Emissions Category 11: 21,500,000 20,600,000 21,900,000 24,300,000 Use of Sold Products Metric Ton CO e 2 22 2024 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT MURPHY OIL CORPORATION --- PAGE 23 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Climate Governance Management’s Role Our Board and senior management are actively engaged Our ESG Executive Management Committee, comprised in overseeing our climate change and emissions strategy, of the Chief Executive Officer and senior executives, provides which is based on our climate change position (see ).
The Board is committed to overseeing climate-related To keep abreast of climate-related issues and trends, the risks and opportunities, as well as overseeing the executive committee is briefed by employees who participate in leadership team in its assessment, agenda-setting and industry associations, think tanks and policy discussions.
performance and risk assessments, which are informed by This ESG Executive Management Committee reports to experts from within and outside the organization, as well the HSE&CR Committee and coordinates closely with our as by the executive leadership team.
Our Board members’ HSE Executive Management Advisory Committee.
The climate-related expertise can be viewed in the Skills and HSE Executive Management Advisory Committee includes Expertise Matrix in our 2024 Proxy Statement.
the Chief Executive Officer and senior executives and The HSE&CR Committee of the Board has specific management from HSE and operations, and is responsible responsibility for overseeing issues related to Murphy’s for executing on our environmental strategy.
climate and emissions strategy, performance and external Further, we have a Capital Allocation Investment Committee reporting.
Additionally, the Audit Committee has oversight made up of the Chief Executive Officer; Executive Vice of our Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) process, which President and Chief Financial Officer; President and Chief covers climate-related risks, while the full Board reviews the Operating Officer; and senior finance leaders who oversee ERM outcomes.
The Compensation Committee aligns our capital allocation, including climate- and emissions-related compensation program with our environmental and climate investments.
Please refer to Board and Managerial Oversight of ESG Topics (see ) for more Additionally, members of the Risk Committee – including details on the responsibilities of these Board committees, the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; as well as the individual Board Committee Charters.
Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary; President and Chief Operating Officer; other Climate-related information is reviewed at least biannually senior executives and the Enterprise Risk Manager – identify, during the HSE&CR Committee meetings, as well as through prioritize and assign owners to risks, including climate-related frequent updates to the Board, to help ensure our members risks, with reporting lines up to the Board or applicable Board are apprised of climate matters.
Additionally, our own internal personnel from Government Affairs, Enterprise Risk As mentioned in the Board and Managerial Oversight of ESG Management, Corporate Planning, Sustainability, HSE and Topics section (see ), the Operations Sustainability Operations provide updates on relevant topics, including Focus Team, comprised of Operations and HSE specialists, but not limited to: is responsible for identifying, evaluating and implementing • Strategy and initiatives relating to climate change policy technologies to support our corporate climate and emissions and energy transition pathways strategy and goals.
• Significant legislation or regulations, treaties, conventions or other agreements, public policies or scientific developments involving environmental matters • Significant risks to, and the physical security of, the Company’s facilities • The Company’s annual GHG inventory and progress against climate-related goals, including our 2030 goals for Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions reduction intensity and zero routine flaring • Climate-related scenarios and energy transition matters •
In 2021, we reviewed horizons when assessing and planning for risks and and updated these principles into our current climate change opportunities: position, with the commitment to re-evaluate the position • Short-term – one to three years, which includes our annual periodically with our executive leadership team and HSE&CR budget and reporting period and allows for the realization Board Committee.
Further integrate risks and opportunities into our strategy and business planning cycle • Long-term – beyond eight years, and evaluated more fully against the external scenarios that represent alternate • Promote operational excellence to minimize impact to transition pathways and the underlying policy, technical the environment and market assumptions, such as those defined by the • Collaborate with stakeholders and promote responsible International Energy Agency (IEA).
policy solutions We also see significant opportunities over similar time Trade Association Alignment horizons.
A detailed discussion of these risks and opportunities Our positions on key ESG issues do not always align exactly can be found in the Climate Risk Management section (see with those of the industry associations and other groups of ).
Therefore, our membership does not necessarily indicate our support for all the organizations’ Climate Scenario Analysis: Overview positions.
To understand the alignment of our climate The scenario work of the IEA helps inform our view of long- change position, highlighted above, with that of our key term energy fundamentals.
Scenario (STEPS), Announced Pledges Scenario (APS) and We selected organizations that received more than $50,000 Net Zero Emissions by 2050 Scenario (NZE), as presented a year from Murphy, and identified three associations: the in the World Energy Outlook (WEO) 2023, frame potential API, Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers (CAPP) oil and natural gas demand, as well as technology, policy and National Ocean Industries Association (NOIA).
Our and societal requirements tied to energy transition analysis concluded that our climate change position is pathway objectives.
The STEPS reflects the impact of announced policy intentions and targets – or Nationally Determined Contributions (NDCs) Climate Strategy – submitted by the Paris Agreement signatories to reduce Our strategy and asset portfolio position the Company to their emissions.
Specifically, oil demand is expected to increase and secure energy, while lowering the intensity of emissions by 5% by 2030 and then gradually decrease to 2022 levels by associated with our activities.
The APS assumes that all climate commitments made by Our risks fall into the following broad climate-related issues governments around the world, including NDCs and longer- most relevant to our business model: term net zero and energy access targets, will be met in full • Regulatory – Policies and regulations related to GHG and on time.
Under this scenario, the global average temperature rise in 2100 is • Market transition and reputational – Global demand around 1.7°C. change toward non-fossil fuel energy sources, covering the short to long term.
However, investment in existing fields reflects resources that can be developed and produced at continues, with the annual upstream oil and natural gas an emissions intensity per unit of production that is lower investment averaging about $265 billion in 2030 and about relative to other sources on the supply curve, as highlighted $65 billion in 2050.
100 Additional in STEPS 80 With 60 investment Additional in existing and in APS 40 approved (NZE) Supply with no new investment 20 0 2010 2020 2030 2040 2050 Source: IEA World Energy Outlook 2023 26 2024 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT MURPHY OIL CORPORATION --- PAGE 27 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Climate Scenario Analysis:
Like the APS, in this scenario, our 2030 GHG emissions intensity target remains viable.
producing assets is resilient under the “well below 2°C” • Expecting a slight overshoot of the 1.5°C target in the transition pathway, as represented by the APS.
We believe that there is no conflict between as indicated by the IEA NZE, and that there are likely leveraging the strength of our portfolio to deliver healthy to be profitable natural gas opportunities well into the returns while also continuing to lower our Scope 1 and 2 energy transition.
We are active in 20 many committees of these associations, including the 0 climate and ESG committees, as they work on addressing 2020 2025 2030 2035 2040 2045 2050 climate-related issues.
Through our ERM process, we have identified the following key climate-related transition 150 and physical risks that might impact our strategy, and are actively managing mitigation efforts.
Our reporting in this section is guided by the TCFD framework and the references to climate risks and 0 opportunities, including transition and physical risks, are 2020 2025 2030 2035 2040 2045 2050 intended to align with this framework.
Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. 28 2024 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT MURPHY OIL CORPORATION --- PAGE 29 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Type Risk Description Potential Potential Mitigation Strategies Time Horizon Financial Impacts Transition: Policies/regulations Short- and • Increased Murphy has developed focus areas to streamline related to GHG medium-term operating our approach: Policy and emissions, climate expenses Legal • Monitoring policy and regulatory proposals for change, reporting • Increased cost specific risks to our business, by our Enterprise obligations, carbon of capital Risk Management, Government Affairs and pricing and exposure Regulatory personnel.
• Improving external reporting and disclosure to highlight to our employees and shareholders, in addition to our other stakeholders, our understanding of and commitment to climate change initiatives.
Transition: Two key potential risks of the market transitioning away from fossil fuels and into lower-carbon emission sources are: Market Fossil-Fuel Business Medium- to • Decreased There is a large range of uncertainty about future rates Model Disruption– long-term revenue from of change, and timing is unknown.
Technologies for reduced prices/ We continue to investigate low-carbon technologies using energy from demand for oil that complement our existing assets, strategy and non-emitting sources and natural gas competencies.
two decades and, in We will remain disciplined in our capital allocation, to some cases, the ensure that our future investments are competitive in usage cost has been these various pathways.
• Increased cost of capital Time horizon definitions: short-term – one to three years; medium-term – four to eight years; long-term – beyond eight years MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 2024 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 29 --- PAGE 30 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Type Risk Description Potential Potential Mitigation Strategies Time Horizon Financial Impacts Transition: Change in public Short-term • Increased cost Per our Climate Change Position, we will communicate sentiment for the and beyond of capital with transparency on our progress on climate efforts Reputation fossil-fuel business at least annually, through the publication of our • Increased could lead to negative Sustainability Report.
insurance perceptions of the premiums We actively engage with our stakeholders regularly to industry, causing: • Increased share our strategy, goals and progress and to receive their • Investors and operating feedback, as outlined in our Stakeholder Engagement insurers to and overhead section (see ).
withdraw from expenses The Investing in Our People chapter (see ) the industry.
• Deferred revenue highlights our strategies and efforts to identify, attract • Increased activism in the event of and retain employees, from building a pipeline of future and legal legal obstacles employees to offering competitive compensation and challenges.
reduced prices/ demand for oil and natural gas Physical: Our US and Short-term • Deferred revenue We have robust safety protocols in place, and we maintain international and beyond from deferred thorough emergency response and crisis management Acute operations are production plans.
As described in the Protecting Our People section exposed to different (see ), Murphy performs exercises and drills based • Increased types of physical on different scenarios for all our business areas.
• Increased insurance premiums • Property damage to customer and supplier assets Physical: Shifts in precipitation Short-term • Deferred revenue In addition to the mitigation strategies outlined above patterns and and beyond from deferred for Physical Acute Risks, we also monitor the condition Chronic variability in weather production of our assets and infrastructure, as discussed in the patterns could cause Asset Integrity and Process Safety section (see ).
Increased prolonged or operating Our Water Management Strategy and Risk Management excessive conditions expenses (see ) helps us mitigate risks and potential impacts related to heat, • Property damage, related to freshwater scarcity.
We continue to invest in drought, rainfall, liability for third- infrastructure to reduce our dependence on fresh water cold spells, wildfires, party damage and increase use of recycled water and other alternative rising sea levels, etc. sources.
We also seek innovative solutions involving other • Increased operators and third-party services.
insurance premiums • Property damage to customer and supplier assets Time horizon definitions: short-term – one to three years; medium-term – four to eight years; long-term – beyond eight years 30 2024 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT MURPHY OIL CORPORATION --- PAGE 31 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Key Climate-Related Opportunities Our reporting in this section is guided by the TCFD framework and the references to climate risks and opportunities, including transition and physical risks, are intended to align with this framework.
For a discussion of information that is material to Murphy Oil, please see our filings with the SEC, including our Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Type Opportunity Potential Potential Ongoing or Future Initiatives Description Time Horizon Financial Impacts Resource Improved methane Short-term • Increased revenue Continue with our efforts to reduce methane emissions capture (see ).
Efficiency Energy Use of lower-emission Short- and • Reduced exposure Fulfill our commitments to the Environmental Partnership, sources of energy and medium-term to GHG emissions as well as identify electrification, renewables (like solar and Source new technologies and therefore hydrogen) and infrastructure opportunities throughout our less sensitivity operations, as discussed in Improving Our Emissions to changes in Performance (see ).
cost of carbon Evaluate and implement design concepts for new offshore • Increased capital facilities that improve emissions intensity over the life of availability (as the facility, such as the improvements we implemented more investors in the King’s Quay floating production system.
Reputational benefits resulting in increased demand for goods Products, Natural gas as Long-term • Increased revenue Use our natural gas assets in Canada as a low-intensity lower-emissions fuel.
• Increased capital Services availability (as Development of Allocate capital to investments in resources that will remain and more investors natural gas markets economically attractive under various transition pathways.
MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 2024 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 31 --- PAGE 32 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Climate Metrics and Targets Medium-Term8 Metrics and Targets We use a range of metrics to assess and manage our climate We have established two external targets to drive our risks, opportunities and performance, including absolute and emissions performance: a commitment to eliminate routine intensity metrics for Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions, Scope 3 flaring by 2030 and a goal to reduce Scope 1 and 2 GHG GHG emissions, methane, flaring, air quality, water and waste emissions intensity by 15% to 20% by 2030 from a 2019 management.
As discussed in Improving Our Emissions by SASB for oil and natural gas exploration and production Performance (see ), our performance in 2023 companies (see for our SASB index) and GRI (see puts us on a clear path to achieving our 2030 targets.
For a full list of metrics and data Our GHG emissions intensity decreased by about 37% over the preceding five years, see Performance Data section from 2019 to 2023.
We are also on track to achieve zero ().
We regularly assess our methane emissions performance Long-Term8 Metrics and Targets against peers and industry leaders.
We view Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions intensity as Short-Term8 Metrics and Targets an indicator of cost risk in relation to carbon pricing regimes.
In 2021, the Compensation Committee of our Board added We view Scope 3 GHG emissions intensity as an indicator of an annual Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions intensity goal as a revenue risk in relation to declining oil and natural gas prices performance metric in our Company’s annual incentive plan.
that could result from carbon pricing and competition from The target metric for 2023 was set to ensure we remain on non-emitting sources of energy.
When we test the effects the path to achieving our medium-term goal of reducing of energy transition scenarios, we look at several metrics to our GHG emissions intensity.
We carbon price, the evolution of corporate debt in the met our 2023 target range for these metrics, as outlined in scenarios, and the percentage reduction in reserves under the 2024 Proxy Statement.
For example, this includes our emissions reduction and water risk management External Assurance spend, as highlighted in this report (see and We are committed to reducing emissions and progressing , respectively).
To ensure the integrity of our emissions data, for a fourth consecutive year, we have engaged ERM CVS to conduct an independent limited assurance on our absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions.
and is therefore critical to maintaining our onshore Murphy is committed to responsible water management production targets.
To help ensure our water use is practices, stewardship and conservation in all areas where sustainable, we have a comprehensive water management we operate and across the entire operations, from the Board, policy and strategy that addresses planning and forecasting, Chief Executive Officer and other senior management to field water sourcing, treatment, storage, recycling, permitting and personnel.
The availability of fresh water is being affected by human Our onshore Water Management Policy outlines our consumption, farming and industry water users, as well as commitment to reduce consumption of fresh water and climate shifts.
From the Our policy focuses on: initiation of our onshore operations in 2009 to the end of 2023, Murphy has invested an estimated $55 million in • Reducing our impact and demand on the local infrastructure to minimize our dependence on fresh water freshwater sources.
Water challenges and risks ensure adequate volumes and quality of source water are can include: available when required, with the goal of maximizing water •
We consider a range of factors, including ways to reduce freshwater use, preferences of area stakeholders, • Understanding of flowback and produced water rates regional regulations, water stress and physical characteristics, • Disposal options, when required as well as economic and technical feasibility.
We continue to invest there are shifts season to season, when considered on an in and expand infrastructure and management capabilities to annual basis, in 2023, 30% of our fresh water withdrawn and optimize our use of flowback and produced water, a primary 33% consumed were from high or extremely high baseline element of our efforts to reduce freshwater use.
We have not resulting in reduced need for fresh water.
Our adaptative water management strategy prioritizes the In the Kaybob Duvernay, a remote area posing unique implementation of alternative water sources to feasibly logistical and regulatory challenges, Murphy invested in a reduce fresh water consumption in all our operating areas, 22-mile freshwater pipeline and reservoir infrastructure in not only in high water-stressed areas.
For instance, trucking activities and environmental disturbances across in 2023, in Eagle Ford Shale, to reduce our reliance on the Kaybob East and Two Creeks fields and enable us to freshwater for our hydraulic fracturing operations, we strategically withdraw fresh water during high-flow periods purchased and treated waste water from two disposal for impoundment, staging and future use during low-flow companies.
This amount of recycled produced water has also directly offset freshwater Water Management Networks volumes we would otherwise have needed to source Water management networks allow us to strategically withdraw and impound water volumes necessary to support from the local environment.
When it infrastructure network, with more than 40 fresh/produced becomes operational, this second pond will further water reservoirs, that allows us to store water in preparation increase the recycling rate across future completions for future operations, and serves to capture water from frac programs and reduce disposal costs for the Tupper flowback and production operations once wells are online.
We also have an above-ground pipeline system and access Installing this produced water storage capacity is a to groundwater wells and surface water in our key areas of testament to our commitment to freshwater conservation operation.
In 2023, we continued to invest capital to optimize and responsible water management practices.
This infrastructure reduces our demand on local freshwater sources and substantially reduces the number of 22% 1.0 14%20% trucks needed to support day-to-day operations.
36 2024 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT MURPHY OIL CORPORATION --- PAGE 37 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Onshore Water Management App to Support Water Operations
Today, the app supports our entire onshore water operations in the US and Canada with real-time monitoring, reporting and alerts.
Early detection of potential leaks from produced In Kaybob Duvernay, Alberta, and Tupper Montney, water ponds British Columbia, we withdraw and impound water • Quicker, easier integration of water management volumes for operations during water-rich or high-water considerations into operational decisions flow during spring, when streams rise and have higher • Improved planning and forecasting, leading to flow rates as a result of snowmelt.
Withdrawing the fresh cost reductions water required during the high-flow periods reduces the chance of negatively affecting the environmental flow • Increased produced water recycling and needs of downstream aquatic ecosystems, maintains lowered disposal available free water allocation for other local area water • Enhanced reporting capability users and decreases the need to withdraw water at times of stress or drought where access to water may be restricted.
These stations are monitored electronically, which ensures data integrity In 2023, we completed a total of 49 wells, 34 in Eagle Ford and makes data analysis more efficient.
They also monitor used increased in 2023, chiefly because we completed flow rates weekly to bi-weekly while withdrawing, to longer lateral wells that required more total water.
THINK BEYOND POSSIBLE When including produced water shared with nearby operators, we recycled 38% of the total flowback and Friction Reducer Optimization Study: produced water.
We have also improved our total water Achieving Similar Operational Efficiencies use efficiency.
As We continue to explore opportunities to increase our produced water is recycled, it becomes progressively recycling ratio.
solids increases, introducing more pumping friction, subsequently creating challenges in achieving the In the Eagle Ford Shale, over the last several years, we have designed pumping rates, especially at the toe, or the increased our capital investment to improve water recycling very end, of the well.
Consequently, the percentage of water we sourced timelines that correspondingly increase the cost of from recycled water increased to 17% in 2023 from 11% in operations and delay oil and natural gas production.
Our use of surface water decreased from the prior a friction reducer polymer to assess friction reducer year because our operations were in areas with little to no effectiveness in varying compositions of produced water.
Through the study, we have identified due to the increased lead time for application approvals effective friction reducer formulations for varying for produced water conveyance, and we have reviewed compositions of recycled water, which led to significant and incorporated lessons learned from 2023.
improvements in our flow characteristics, while In Kaybob Duvernay, we are in the early stages of field decreasing total pump time per well. development.
Produced water has similar 40% 41% properties to brine, but by using produced water, we 20% 27% have increased produced water recycling and lowered 18% costs associated with purchasing and transporting brine, 0% as well as any associated disposal costs.
100% 8% 11% 16% 17% We also collaborated with our drilling fluid service 17% 24% 66% provider to further increase the technical properties of 80% 50% 16% 77% the produced water, by piloting a viscosifying additive 60% 68% 68% that can improve rheology, increase maximum density and enhance lubricity.
Consequently, while there was a slight increase in hydrocarbon concentration, such levels are still well below the EPA regulatory limit.
Murphy implemented several initiatives in 2023 related to water treatment and toxicity, including piloting a new scale treatment chemical to reduce the waste associated with water treatment significantly, as well as adopting new chemistries that exclude compounds classified as substances of very high concern (SVHC).
These groups include the Offshore Operators Committee (OOC) Water Subcommittee, Produced Water Society, Montney Water Operators Group (MWOG), Fox Creek Operators Group (FCOG) Water Management Sub-Committee, Kiskatinaw River Users Group, Ipieca Water Working Group and the South Texas Energy & Economic Roundtable (STEER) Water Committee.
We have Pre-Operations Assessments and Mitigation Planning identified water use as a priority nature-related dependency • Internal review of targeted surface disturbance, which and actively manage potential risks and impacts.
We are committed to protecting by experts from multiple disciplines, to ensure potential biodiversity and avoiding nature loss at various stages of environmental, ecological and archaeological impacts project lifecycles.
Our overall approach to biodiversity protection and nature (A&G) assessments prior to the design and installation of loss avoidance – which is aligned with the mitigation any subsea equipment and facilities for oil and natural gas hierarchy – is summarized below: development.
Collaborate – When possible, we consider impacts Minimize Collaborate outside Murphy operations by peer and nearby operators and jointly plan actions with those operators to reduce areas of impact.
We continue to surveil surrounding wildlife from the • Along with remediation procedures for each impacted beginning stages of construction until a project is closed site, there is an annual review to ensure sufficient funds and/or decommissioned, to help keep wildlife disturbance are in place to cover closure and rehabilitation for all to a minimum, while protecting the safety of field operational areas.
This helps to ensure • Wellpad sites and pipelines are built with containment that older, inactive assets are managed within a reasonable berms and erosion protection, to contain materials timeframe, or in accordance with an “inventory reduction on-site and create a buffer between our operations program” that necessitates adherence to regulated annual and contiguous lands.
closure spend targets based on our proportion of the • If a site becomes saturated by either rain or snowfall, immediate jurisdiction’s total oil and natural gas calculated run-off liquids are tested on-site before they are allowed liability.
We also consider seasonality and stakeholder timing to drain offsite through pre-installed drainage, which is requirements and preferences and time certain elements of plumbed through the berm, thus avoiding potential our closure and rehabilitation work to reduce seasonal contamination from run-off.
Once remediation has been completed, we • Technical review stage continue to monitor the area to help ensure the success • Known or suspected impacts of our efforts.
Reclaimed gravel from footprint Part of our lifecycle management program is monitoring the reductions is reused for new site and/or road maintenance.
Since this approach has been • The HSE department, led by its General Manager, Health, successfully applied in Canada, we are reviewing whether Safety and Environmental, manages the closure of each a similar approach can be applied to our Eagle Ford Shale impacted area to ensure our remediation goals are met operations to minimize future land use and impacts.
42 2024 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT MURPHY OIL CORPORATION --- PAGE 43 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE In our offshore business, we manage the decommissioning of wells and associated subsea infrastructure to minimize Biodiversity Concern Reporting disruption to ocean biodiversity and ensure adherence to Murphy stakeholders can raise biodiversity concerns applicable federal laws and regulations.
We sought to ensure downhole isolation of raised by phone or via the website.
facilities enable us to recycle the produced water for We provide a variety of channels for stakeholders to engage our operations and consequently, significantly reduce with us regarding concerns of biodiversity protection.
We are in the process of assessing lessons learned and possible improvement Murphy tracks its environmental releases throughout the opportunities to our maintenance and inspection programs.
Historically, internal targets were set Notably, Murphy has not had an offshore spill in the based on the number of spill events in any year, utilizing the deepwater Gulf of Mexico greater than 1 BBL since 2003.
In 2019, we modified the spill metric target used in our AIP ASSET INTEGRITY to focus on our overall hydrocarbon spill volumes rather than AND PROCESS SAFETY
Based upon a review of peer data, we set our target to drive for favorable performance relative Asset integrity and process safety are central elements to the industry as a whole.
Asset Integrity and Reliability team continues to focus its For the past three years, we have met our AIP target range.
The team is structured as Barrels Oil Spilled per Million BOEs Produced an international team providing global operational support 5 for our integrity management programs.
Regulatory MEETING AIP TARGET RANGE IOGP SPILL RATE METRIC audits in Canada have received grades consistently above 90% on our asset integrity management programs since 2018.
ranked wellpad list is regularly updated according We implement digital information systems to improve to physical changes in production, environment or awareness of risk and the evaluation of inspection and inspection findings, to name a few.
Through these assessments, we identify areas of higher risk and run Utilizing Technology to Drive Efficiencies targeted projects to mitigate risks.
These projects include and Reduce Personnel Risk construction activities as well as improved maintenance We continue to implement innovative technology solutions to programs, such as optimized pigging programs, in-line improve the efficiency of our asset integrity program, helping inspections (ILIs), pipeline Right-of-Way (ROW) inspections, us reduce risk and optimize resources.
For example, over the verification digs, coating programs, chemical programs, past few years, we have improved our ability to capture and cathodic protection surveys and coupon programs.
analyze data from field inspections within our Integrity management software and improved integration with other Enhanced ILIs Lead to Fewer Environmental and Safety Incidents systems.
We use the results from drones for our In-Service Inspection Plans (ISIP) annual survey these ILIs to support continuous improvement of our integrity for all four of our operated floating production systems in programs, with the aim of responding more effectively to the the Gulf of Mexico.
focused and structured approach for process safety event In the offshore business unit, we have a structured risk and tracking and overall improvement, through defined key condition-based integrity program covering inspection, performance indicators.
All PSE Tier 1 and Tier 2 through visual assessments, thickness measurement events are investigated for root cause, and we implement programs and anomaly repair strategies.
a database that is reviewed regularly with operations, The data collected from these process safety efforts are maintenance, reliability and facilities engineers, to support reviewed in HSE Steering Committee meetings with senior continuous improvement of our integrity programs.
In addition to conducting inspections on defined schedules, A key pillar of our process safety approach is working to we also evaluate our systems for abnormal conditions in real ensure that we understand the hazards and risks in our time.
For this reason, we conduct monitors our operations, including pipelines, pressure Hazard Analysis Revalidations (HA-Rs) of our assets to capture vessels, tanks, etc., for changes in pressure, level, flow any changes that may have occurred, and we audit ourselves shutdowns or alarms, and is able to dispatch operations to ensure nothing was missed.
The number of Tier 1 events decreased from 2022 to Our well integrity guidelines, policies and procedures are 2023, with the PSE Tier 1 rate having improved over aligned with best practices and meet or exceed regulation the last five years.
and, in the case of onshore wells, ensure the protection of freshwater aquifers.
Industry Collaboration on Well Integrity We participate in industry efforts to improve well integrity Our engineers participate in quarterly Gulf of Mexico standards.
Representatives sat on various committees and best practices for deepwater well operations.
Murphy WWD Policy is reviewed, to support continuous improvement.
The engineers work with vendors to identify We are members of the Center for Offshore Safety (COS), and analyze technological and operational improvement an industry-led initiative to promote continuous safety opportunities for application to our assets/projects.
improvement for offshore drilling, completions and operations through effective leadership, communication, Our vendor selection process includes criteria for teamwork, disciplined management systems and environmental and safety performance; we choose to work independent third-party auditing and certification.
with contractors that support our sustainability goals whenever COS draws on expertise and input from the US oil and possible.
Their goal is to assist clients in CHEMICAL STEWARDSHIP achieving their objectives of working safely with no incidents, accidents or injuries and recognizing issues that will reduce Onshore nonproductive time, while lowering overall cost.
Instead, they are delivered We continuously monitor offshore wells to ensure all wellbore and blended in real time on-site as needed, and Safety parameters stay within engineered wellbore design limits.
We seek to ensure downhole isolation our unconventional wells, while protecting trade secrets and of hydrocarbon and sulfur zones, protection of any freshwater confidential information.
reduce overall usage of chemicals that are discharged with the produced water and reduce risks associated with the Murphy undergoes yearly reviews of lease statuses and land transportation and handling of materials, as well as maintenance requirements.
our Long Range Plan and budget to reclaim certain pad and MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 2024 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 47 --- PAGE 48 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE
We require chemical vendors to commit to improvements in sustainability and safety.
Additionally, we continue to work with them on new product • Area-Specific – Risks are calculated based on development to reduce overall chemical usage.
We are also an active participant in industry associations that support knowledge sharing and induced seismicity research.
We support three-way collaboration among industry, regulatory and academic participants, which furthers the understanding of potential causes and mitigation steps to manage induced seismicity.
OUR WASTE HIERARCHY REUSE RECYCLE RECOVER DISPOSE MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 2024 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 49 --- PAGE 50 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Onshore Operations Food waste from the galley is macerated on the platform During the drilling process, Murphy uses a “closed-loop” or or vessel and discharged overboard, in compliance with “pitless” system, which reduces the overall volume of waste international regulations under the International Protocol for generated and increases the rate of reuse.
The concentration of oil in discharged bilge We manage every load through waste characterization and water must meet MARPOL standards, which is achieved classification, manifesting and tracking processes.
We continue to seek innovative ways to increase our recycling efforts.
GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Murphy is committed to conducting business in a Our Chief Executive Officer is responsible for the Company’s execution of our HSE Policy.
That responsibility is supported manner that prioritizes the health, safety and security by the HSE Executive Management Advisory Committee of all personnel, including employees, contractors and (EAC) comprised of the President and Chief Operating partners, as well as the communities in which we work.
The EAC works to We aim to send all our people home safely each day ensure that the Company has appropriate management by reducing risk in the workplace.
In addition, the HSE Steering Committee, are based on industry best practices and our extensive comprised of cross-functional leadership across the experience.
We strive to achieve top-quartile safety organization, including Operations, Engineering and Supply performance as measured against our peers.
In 1993, the Murphy Board established a Health, Safety and Implementation of Murphy’s HSE Policy is assigned to Environment Committee to govern the Company’s health, the General Manager, Health, Safety and Environmental. safety and environmental activities.
52 2024 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT MURPHY OIL CORPORATION --- PAGE 53 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE HEALTH, SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT SYSTEM We strive to achieve incident-free operations through continuous improvement processes managed by Murphy’s HSE Management System (HSE-MS), which engages all personnel, contractors and partners associated with Murphy operations and facilities, and provides a consistent method for integrating HSE concepts into our procedures and programs.
As part of our continuous improvement efforts, the Global Standards are reviewed every three to five years.
Emergency Risk 9 4 Response and Management Crisis Analysis 8 5 Training and Facility Design Competency and Construction 7 6 Contractor Operational Control Management and Maintenance MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 2024 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 53 --- PAGE 54 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE SAFETY PERFORMANCE MEETING AIP TARGET RANGE TRIR SAFETY
Each year, we set a TRIR13 target for executives and employees as part of our AIP, as discussed in our 2024 Proxy Statement.
In 2023, we met our annual target range.
Our HSE AND PEER BENCHMARK and Operations teams have conducted investigations to determine the causes for the increased LTIR and the Per 200,000 Work Hours appropriate actions to address the underlying causes.
decrease 0.6 2019–2023 There were zero work-related fatalities in 2023.
For example, for our Gulf of Mexico operations, we work closely with the Offshore Operators 0.0 Committee (OOC) and the Center for Offshore Safety.
Our employees sit on various subcommittees and workgroups of these organizations.
We work hard to build a culture of safety across our process, and corrective action plans are created to ensure organization.
Nonconformances are identified drills, we advance this culture through the following programs: and improvement actions are submitted to business unit leadership.
BSEE also conducts regular inspections of our job if you see an unsafe act or condition; (2) You must stop offshore facilities and drilling rigs to ensure safety and the job if you are unsure of the plan, or you see someone environmental compliance across our Gulf of Mexico else who is not sure; (3) If conditions change, you must stop operations.
our field operations and allows us to focus our repairs and • Ensuring that vendors’ changes to software and related maintenance, training and prevention efforts to improve control systems have been documented, and that backups overall safety performance.
Our offshore teams conduct weekly Risk-Based Inspections, which allow small The COR program has become the national standard for crews to focus on equipment or processes to ensure safety awareness, accreditation and improvement in Canada.
The program is designed to improve worker safety and reduce costs through savings from more favorable insurance Safety Stand-Downs rates, as well as reductions in lost productivity, replacement We use Company-wide Safety Stand-Downs during which worker training and property damage.
everyone stops work to focus on safety issues to bring together senior management, employees and contractors to After obtaining certification, we have continuously improved demonstrate a unified commitment to safety.
(1) The executive level, where Murphy’s senior leadership meets with key contractors to set clear expectations of Vehicle Safety our commitment to safety in the workplace, and Our vehicle monitoring system is installed in all Company vehicles and helps to monitor all driving habits and identify (2) Small group contractor engagement sessions in the office the location of vehicles in the event of an emergency.
input on how we can collaborate and improve our safety performance.
We continue to build strong partnerships Life-Saving Rules (LSR) with our contractors to ensure an overall, unified HSE We continue to communicate the nine International culture for everyone working on any Murphy location.
Murphy targets safety improvements and efficiency gains throughout our operations by using data sharing and LIFE-SAVING RULES machine learning, which optimize field development programs and thereby reduce potential safety hazards and environmental impacts and waste.
As part of our commitment to continuous improvement to Hot Work Line of Fire safe and successful operations, we are rolling out an enhanced global competency program designed to develop superior performance by first defining superior performance and then identifying the knowledge, skills and abilities (KSAs) critical to success in a job function.
the opportunity for strengthened partnerships with the contractors and improves their organizations’ requirements When choosing to partner with a service provider, Murphy prior to performing work at any Murphy location.
Safety Orientation for onshore, plus SafeGulfUSA, Rigpass, Thanks in part to our contractor management efforts, our Helicopter Underwater Rescue Training (HUET), Standardized total number of recordable contractor incidents improved Emergency Management System Awareness and United from 11 incidents in 2022 to 7 incidents in 2023.
For all drills and exercises conducted by Murphy, an after-action review is performed to help identify and improve any gaps in our processes and procedures.
Also, in 2023, we participated in DE&I events hosted by the Greater Houston Women’s Chamber of Commerce, At Murphy, we believe in creating an inclusive Women’s Energy Network and Greater Houston culture where members of our workforce support Partnership.
For example, OVERSIGHT Murphy is committed to supplier diversity and expanding partnerships with minority-, women-, veteran- and The Board’s Compensation Committee oversees and reviews LGBTQ-owned businesses and those designated as a the Company’s key human capital management strategies, small business by the US Small Business Administration planning and assessments annually to ensure alignment (see Supply Chain Management, ).
DIVERSITY, EQUITY AND INCLUSION Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Committee The Diversity, Equity and Inclusion committee, which The rich experiences and backgrounds of our employees consists of volunteer employees at various levels in the strengthen our Company, create a productive workforce organization, acts as a change agent to promote a culture and contribute to our success.
committee is responsible for reviewing and recommending initiatives and partnerships that build upon our DE&I
We partner with many organizations to increase the strategy and support our Purpose, Mission, Vision, Values diversity of candidates in our talent pipeline.
The committee is sponsored by open positions through eQuest, which distributes the the Vice President, Human Resources and Administration, roles to diversity and inclusion organizations including and led by our Senior Manager, Human Resources.
We view ERGs as forums for employees who share We equip managers with tools to support inclusive hiring, common characteristics and interests to meet and support including an interview guide to reinforce a fair and equitable one another in building their sense of belonging in our process.
ERGs also create opportunities for mentoring roles, which involves removing candidate names and other and career development for employees, as well as for identifiable characteristics to reduce any unconscious fostering an inclusive workplace.
In 2023, the percentage of women in Executive Management and Senior-Level Manager roles, as well as the representation of women in our overall workforce, improved compared to 2022.
Furthermore, our percentage of racial/ethnic minority employees improved in all job categories except for the Other (Administrative Support and Field) job category, which was unchanged from 2022.
WORKFORCE DEMOGRAPHICS 725 Total Employees 27 17 1 3% 2% 6% 14% 29% By Country By Age By Tenure of location (%) years of service 52% (#) (%) 29% 65% 680 US Canada Vietnam Mexico Under 30 30 to 50 Over 50 < 5 5-9 10-14 15-19 20+ Representation of Women US and International 2019 202015 2021 2022 2023 Executive and Senior-Level Managers 14% 12% 12% 16% 21% First- and Mid-Level Managers 22% 17% 18% 22% 22% Professionals 34% 34% 34% 35% 33% Other (Administrative Support and Field) 20% 7% 7% 5% 7% Total 27% 21% 21% 21% 22% Representation of Minorities US-Based Only 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 Executive and Senior-Level Managers 9% 12% 18% 26% 32% First- and Mid-Level Managers 24% 23% 22% 26% 28% Professionals 29% 33% 34% 39% 42% Other (Administrative Support and Field) 36% 31% 31% 30% 30% Total 29% 30% 30% 33% 35% 15 The reduction in the percentage of women in 2020 was primarily driven by: (1) the closure of the El Dorado, Arkansas, and Calgary, Canada, offices, where we historically had a high percentage of women employees; and (2) focused hiring efforts for field operations, which historically attracts a pool of male candidates.
MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 2024 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 61 --- PAGE 62 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Pay Equity can access real-time pension information as well as model We are committed to a fair and living wage for all employees.
In 2024, we will introduce a digital “Total Rewards Statement” Murphy also reviews external market data to ensure fair and that will provide employees real-time details on their total competitive compensation practices both for employees and compensation package.
To support employees’ financial health, Where possible, we prioritize hiring locally, which allows us we enhanced 401(k) fund choices to expand diversification to contribute to the communities in which we operate.
not available, we ensure proper training is offered.
In 2023, we implemented a tool that builds individualized For the third consecutive year, we have received recognition training plans that align with personal career goals.
Through from the Greater Houston Partnership as a “Best Place for this tool, our employees can develop in their current or future Working Parents®,” for our commitment to supporting working roles by taking advantage of courses that meet their unique parents through our family-friendly policies and practices.
appropriate, to align with the needs of our employees and We prioritize succession planning across the organization maintain our competitive benefits package.
In 2023, we to help ensure talent continuity and give us a competitive expanded our benefit offerings to further support our advantage.
In addition, our focusing on wellness, healthy lifestyles and ease of succession planning process allows us to grow best-fit employee accessibility through improved technology.
62 2024 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT MURPHY OIL CORPORATION --- PAGE 63 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Murphy leadership strongly believes in encouraging and supporting its people who wish to continue their education.
Through the guidance, Murphy employees represent the Company through several support and network that mentorship provides, professional networks, affording them an opportunity for employees are enabled to develop technical and other learning and development, sharing best practices and professional expertise, deepen their understanding of expertise throughout the industry, and supporting the Company’s values and culture, and build leadership sustainable development in our local communities.
development investments we added included: At the conclusion of the program, we extended full-time •
By supporting initiatives like these, we are investing in our communities while building a recruitment pipeline for our Company and industry.
In 2023, the Company’s global another survey in 2024 to build upon our understanding of voluntary turnover rate was 6%, a marked improvement employees’ engagement and priorities.
The 2024 survey achieved partner with employees and leaders across the organization a 77% participation rate globally, exceeding our participation to build action plans to improve retention.
For the employee experience at Murphy such as the “Dress for example, the 2022 survey highlighted that our top strengths Your Day” policy, our summer remote work program and included: (1) employees’ feeling supported and respected, Murphy Mentorship Program.
We also communication at the grassroots level, through the host appreciation events for our office and field employees Ambassadors, DE&I Committee, department town halls throughout the year, which allow our HSE, Human Resources and interactive sessions with our leaders and executives.
Investing in Our Leaders to Improve Team Performance, The Ambassadors’ mission is to be the voice of every Enhance Collaboration and Foster Innovation employee, to live out Murphy’s Purpose, Mission, Vision, In 2023, Murphy committed to further build on the Values and Behaviors, and to empower other employees quality of our leadership.
Course topics that were highly live out our values of supporting each other and making rated by participants included content relevance, newly it better.
developed skills/insights and improved relationships within the team and among leaders across the organization.
As one leader commented, “This training serves as a reminder for me to focus on my team and to ensure understanding of and alignment with the Company’s goals.
to understand our impacts and opportunities to succeed We are committed to ongoing consultation with local together.
Members of Murphy’s surface land team we make an investment or commence any new operation, we actively participate on several community relations follow processes to identify local community and stakeholder committees: the Canadian Association of Petroleum concerns and work to effectively mitigate any known Landmen (CAPL) Field Acquisition Management (FAM) associated risks.
The participating operators also discuss organizations and other policy influencers, to better continuous improvement and best practices for the industry understand their concerns applicable to our operations and to as they relate to surface land.
We seek opportunities to support local communities when negotiating and entering production-sharing contracts, for example through: •
Prioritization of local suppliers • Investment opportunities for local content • Specifications for local companies or workers • Commitments to social investment programs, to address the development needs of the community and/or contribute to education improvement and work-skill development of host country populations 66 2024 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT MURPHY OIL CORPORATION --- PAGE 67 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Human Rights RESPECT PEOPLE, SAFETY, Respect and dignity for everyone is a cornerstone of the way ENVIRONMENT AND THE LAW we do business and of our success.
Local Residents by Mitigating Noise This policy acknowledges our long-standing commitment We take great care to engage early and work together to the dignity and rights of all people and formalized our to address concerns effectively.
Our policy includes a move onto a new completion pad in Tupper Montney, commitment and process to identify and reasonably eliminate British Columbia, we conduct a tabletop Noise Impact or minimize any negative impact our activities may have on Study in accordance with the requirements defined by human rights in the communities where we do business.
Our policy is further at each of the residences in proximity to the completions operations, to ensure Murphy complies with applicable guided by the principles set forth in the United Nations regulations.
If the decibel readings source of policy and protection for human rights and are are higher than modeled, we take steps to address committed to respect and comply with the laws of the countries sound impacts, such as adding additional sound barriers where we do business.
When engaging and collaborating with Indigenous groups, Murphy respects the spirit and intent of the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples (UNDRIP) and its guiding principles, within the context of existing Canadian law and the associated commitments and roles that governments in those jurisdictions have relative to Indigenous groups.
Sound barrier installation at Eagle Ford Shale MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 2024 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 67 --- PAGE 68 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE In the future, as our global operations evolve and we expand INVESTING IN OUR COMMUNITIES our interactions with other Indigenous communities, we will Giving back to our communities is a key tenet of who we are.
We support our communities through strategic partnerships with organizations that work on developing communities, and through community giving Grievance Reporting We take our role as a responsible corporate citizen and volunteering.
Concerns raised by any stakeholder will be for lasting community development, much of our efforts reviewed, investigated and resolved through our are multiyear investments, as opposed to one-off donations.
Specific concerns can be directed to: Community Economic Development and Workforce Capacity Building We invest in our communities to build the local workforce, Royalty Owners and Community Stakeholders expand opportunities and support specific community US Toll Free: +1.888.475.2015 needs.
They are strategic investments to help US Email: owner_relations@murphyoilcorp.com community development in the areas where we operate, Canada Toll Free: 1.888.999.0423 and to increase the critical talents and services we and our communities need.
+1.877.808.1601 support positive developments that are beneficial for the local communities and to successfully integrate the oil and Website: www.MyComplianceReport.com natural gas industry into the region.
“We view our efforts to support local communities as much more than philanthropy.
They are strategic investments to help community development in the areas where we operate, and to increase the critical talents and services we and our communities need.”
68 2024 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT MURPHY OIL CORPORATION --- PAGE 69 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE We also work with the API, NOIA and local chambers of HOW WE SUPPORT OUR COMMUNITIES commerce and business councils to support community and workforce capacity building.
By supporting initiatives like these, we are investing in our communities, while building a recruitment pipeline for our Company and industry.
When immediate talent is not available, we ensure proper training is offered.
In the US, 96% of our workforce stockholders, we provide economic support to communities is local.17
2023 ECONOMIC IMPACT HIGHLIGHTS $ $ $ 205 842 73 MILLION MILLION MILLION Paid in Payroll, Incentives Paid in Royalty, Lease Paid in Taxes and and Payroll Taxes and Surface Payments Other Remittances18 in Our Operating Jurisdictions Essential jobs that support Royalty payments to landowners Tax revenues enable government our employees, their families for their part in oil and natural agencies to improve local and communities in becoming gas production.
Though we are no longer eligibility was expanded to include scholarships for El Dorado headquartered in El Dorado, Arkansas, where Murphy was High School graduates pursuing vocational and technical founded, we continue our longtime commitment to offer training at South Arkansas College in El Dorado (see opportunities and expand workforce capabilities in the next page).
More information on benefits of the El Dorado Promise Through an initial $50 million funding commitment from the can be found on its website.
Company, which has been supported since, the Promise THE EL DORADO PROMISE IMPACT SINCE 2007 more than 3,500 students have been placed in the El Dorado Promise scholarship program Race/Ethnicity 51% 49% 55% 45% Gender Breakdown Minority White Female Male Breakdown 181 colleges and universities in 40 states have accepted the graduates of El Dorado High School IMPACT STORIES MAKING A DIFFERENCE WHERE IT MATTERS Our Long-Standing Partnership With United Way
Our long-term partnership with the United Way began over 50 years ago, and has served to increase employees’ awareness of the needs of their fellow citizens.
70 2024 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT MURPHY OIL CORPORATION --- PAGE 71 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE COMMUNITY GIVING AND VOLUNTEERING For more than half a century, Murphy has been committed in which we operate.
In support greatest impact for our local communities and employees of these efforts, we have built effective partnerships with while building on our long-standing commitment and legacy educational, civic and charitable initiatives in the communities to educational endeavors.
Hosted two blood drives for the • Financial commitment of Gulf Coast Regional Blood Center $300,000 over four years to • Sponsored school events in the Louisiana Highway 1 Phase 2 Carrizo Springs, Texas • Hosted CPR and AED certification Improvement Project events for employees and their • Continued commitment to the families at our Houston and • Hosted “Dress for Success” El Dorado
We believe that this significant financial improvements to the campus, South Arkansas College will undertaking is a worthy investment in the people of South be able to increase its academic footprint and ultimately Arkansas, where Murphy’s roots extend back over 100 years.
The Company increases its match of contributions 2:1 for educational and health institutions.
We initiated the partnership with a donation to the Employee Volunteerism school to improve its fine arts program.
Our employees We recognize and support the positive impact our employees participated in Reading Roundup, a Barbara Bush make.
In 2023, our 80 staff members to ensure they feel valued and employees and families volunteered about 3,000 hours supported; hosting a book drive to provide students through Company-hosted events.
In 2023, and providing students taking standardized tests our Vice President, Investor Relations and Communication, with a nutritious snack bag and an encouraging was recognized as a Community Leader for the Year by good luck card.
the Greater Houston Women’s Chamber of Commerce, The SBISD recognized our commitment with its for her support of women and girls in their communities esteemed Good Neighbor Award in 2023, and the workplace.
Given the importance of stakeholder engagement to our Company, our Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary and our Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications, oversee our robust engagement framework.
Input from stakeholders helps to guide and improve our efforts in the short and long term.
Stakeholders Engagement Channels Details Stockholders • Annual stockholder meeting Our Approach to ESG, • Equity conferences, debt conferences and Stockholder Engagement, investor non-deal roadshows 2024 Proxy Statement • One-on-one investor discussions, including ESG-focused meetings Contact our Investor Relations team Contact our Corporate Secretary Employees • Quarterly Chief Executive Officer town hall meetings Investing in Our People, • Department head and supervisor meetings Building a Culture of Safety, • Employee engagement surveys Worldwide Health, Safety • Murphy Ambassador Program and Environmental Policy • Employee resource groups Third-Party Ethics Hotline • Professional development programs • Wellness programs • Safety trainings and Safety Culture surveys • Ethics trainings and hotline Suppliers and • Assessments and engagement meetings Building a Culture of Safety, Contractors • Quarterly Business Reviews Contractor Management, • Reviews and audits Supplier Code of Conduct • Safety trainings and Safety Culture surveys, and exercise drills Worldwide Health, Safety • Monthly safety meetings and Environmental Policy • ISNetworld Landowners, • Designated grievance and resolution mechanisms for Working With Communities, different parties, including Indigenous populations Indigenous Groups Investing in Our Communities, and Local • Ongoing engagement with parties Owner relations number and website Communities • Community outreach, volunteering efforts and philanthropy Human Rights Policy Indigenous Rights Policy The El Dorado Promise Scholarship Program Government and • Participation in select health, safety and environmental (HSE) Health and Safety Certification and Audit, meetings, inspections and events Regulatory Agencies • Legislative and regulatory engagement Public Advocacy, • Industry collaboration groups and trade associations Others: • Peer engagement through working groups, Identifying Climate Risks, seminars and trade associations Peers, Industry Associations, Universities, • Joint research programs NGOs Investing in Our Communities, • Outreach and partnership with nongovernmental organizations (NGOs) MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 2024 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 75 --- PAGE 78 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE RISK MANAGEMENT STRATEGY Technology People Process Murphy utilizes industry-leading All Murphy personnel are required to Murphy’s cybersecurity framework is aligned technologies that focus on continuous complete cybersecurity training annually with industry-recognized standards such as monitoring and analytics built on advanced and have access to an ever-evolving catalog the NIST 800 series and ISO 27000 series machine learning and artificial intelligence, of over 200 cybersecurity courses.
In response to the increasing threat climate, Murphy IT employs an industry-leading Murphy has forged strong partnerships Murphy continues to enforce enhanced security awareness and education platform with the DHS, FBI, ONG-ISAC and numerous security of its devices in 2023 by aligning to assess our users’ vigilance toward social top security companies.
We ensure our business-critical systems Our security professionals recognize With the business need for rapidly evolving are available 24/7/365, by employing a the criticality of remaining up to date on skills and technologies, we understand proactive disaster avoidance strategy that emerging threats, breaches and cyber risks.
By building effective redundancy in our on the Murphy cybersecurity team have Murphy holds these service providers business-critical systems, we have reduced earned and maintained industry-related to a high standard and routinely reviews the recovery time of these systems and certifications in 2023.
78 2024 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT MURPHY OIL CORPORATION --- PAGE 79 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Recent Accomplishments and Upcoming Developments – Deployed a Privileged Access Management solution Each year, Murphy’s IT department aims to improve end to secure and control access to privileged credentials.
Enhancing Operational Technology (OT) Security – • Cyber Incident Response Plan readiness with the We launched an OT Security Program to fortify our critical SEC Cybersecurity Rules – We refined our Incident infrastructure while aligning with industry best practices.
To bolster our defenses against these types of attacks, • Maintaining phishing rates below target – Our we took a multipronged approach: phishing fail rate average in 2023 was significantly – Implemented a modern Identity Threat Detection better than industry, due to continuous phishing drills and Response (ITDR) solution to automatically respond and awareness-training programs.
However, we recognize cyberthreats are constantly evolving and we are committed to cultivating a culture of security, remaining vigilant and continually improving our cybersecurity environment and controls.
21 Source: Identity Defined Security Alliance MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 2024 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 79 --- PAGE 80 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Ethical Business Conduct The Murphy Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (Code Committed to Ethics of Business Conduct) provides direction to all employees and The Code of Business Conduct is designed to emphasize suppliers on the requirement that everyone working for and the commitment necessary for those working for Murphy with Murphy behaves ethically and in accordance with our to act with integrity, including: policies and standards.
We are committed to human rights and Indigenous rights and have published these policies on our website.
executives and employees of Murphy Oil Corporation and • Commitment to stockholders ensures transparency in its subsidiaries, as well as all contractors who perform public disclosures and the protection of confidential work for Murphy, work at Murphy’s facilities or otherwise information and intellectual property.
Individuals either hired • Commitment that Murphy will not, and will not tolerate as employees or engaged as a contractor are required to any attempt to, retaliate against anyone who makes a complete training on the Code of Business Conduct, as well good-faith report regarding a possible violation of as specific training regarding topics including anti-bribery the Code of Business Conduct.
We have structures in place to Committee of the Board directly for any matter regarding process whistleblower reports; specifically, we investigate the Code of Business Conduct, including those involving alleged violations of any of these standards and, when accounting, internal accounting or auditing matters.
Our auditors periodically conduct audits regarding internal compliance with the Code of Business Conduct, and our Audit Committee is provided regular reports and resolutions pursuant to the Audit Committee Charter.
A Compliance and Ethics website on the Company’s intranet emphasizes our commitment and facilitates access for our workforce to pertinent resources.
The website includes a letter and video introduction from our Chief Executive Officer reiterating our commitment to our policies and values.
ESTMA reporting contributes to International, federal, state and local policy initiatives can global efforts to increase transparency and deter corruption positively or negatively impact the success of our Company.
We aim to promote laws Industry Associations Murphy shares best practices, develops industry standards and regulations that allow the development of resources in and expands our public and political advocacy through a safe, efficient and environmentally responsible manner.
We review our trade association memberships by the Nominating and Governance Committee of the Board on a regular basis to ensure alignment on industry and policy and managed by our Director, Government Affairs, who priorities, as well as to ensure the organizations’ effectiveness reports to the Executive Vice President, General Counsel and value for our Company and stockholders.
Murphy is currently a member of the following industry trade As part of our efforts to proactively support broader public associations and initiatives: the American Petroleum Institute, policy initiatives that allow for the responsible development Center for Offshore Safety, Environmental Partnership, of natural resources, we try to engage in meaningful Greater Houston Partnership, Greater Houston Women’s discussions with policymakers and regulators on a variety Chamber of Commerce, HWCG LLC, Ipieca, Louisiana of topics that impact operations for our industry.
In 2023, these US Our positions on key ESG issues do not always align exactly with legislative and regulatory policy outreach discussions those of the industry associations and other groups of which we included the offshore leasing program and onshore are members.
Therefore, our membership does not necessarily emissions reporting requirements initiated by the Inflation indicate our support for all the organizations’ positions.
We seek to work with suppliers that share In 1981, the Murphy Oil Corporation Political Action Murphy’s core values of safety, social responsibility and Committee (MURPAC) was founded.
MURPAC is a voluntary, continuous improvement, as outlined in our Code of nonpartisan political action committee that allows eligible Business Conduct.
employees to support candidates at the federal, state, and local level who are strong advocates on issues important to We strive to conduct all contracting and procurement activities our business, our employees and the communities in which in an ethical manner, in accordance with our Procurement we live and work.
ethical standards in interactions with government officials, and we report our lobbying activities and political contributions to the Board’s Nominating and Governance Committee as well as to relevant government agencies.
MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 2024 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 81 --- PAGE 82 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE As part of our procurement process for operational vendors, Supplier Diversity a supplier qualification process is conducted in collaboration We are working to increase the diversity of our supplier base with various parts of the organization to ensure vendor as part of our commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion.
Competitiveness • Safety record • Technical competence • Financial stability Based on questionnaires completed by approximately 950 of our qualified North American vendors in 2023, • Compliance history/record • Environmental record 22% of our suppliers reported having some level of diverse • Past performance • Business alignment ownership within their organization (qualified as being • Geographic location • Local content minority-, women-, veteran-, LGBTQ-owned or designated as a small business owner by the US Small Business
This Supplier Code of Conduct ensures that all our various suppliers, including security contractors, are held to the same ethical standards as those required of Murphy personnel in Murphy’s own internal Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and Human Rights Policy.
We believe that Murphy and our business partners holding each other mutually accountable to high ethical standards will help ensure that all parties strive to observe Murphy’s ideal of “Do Right Always.”
Fatality Rate, Contractors per 200,000 0 0 0 0 0 work hours Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR), per 200,000 0.28 0.37 0.28 0.28 0.52 Employees and Contractors work hours TRIR, Employees per 200,000 0.38 0.26 0.13 0.12 0.35 work hours TRIR, Contractors per 200,000 0.25 0.40 0.36 0.36 0.57 work hours Near-Miss Frequency Rate, Employees per 200,000 0.78 1.16 1.30 2.14 1.40 and Contractors work hours Near-Miss Frequency Rate, Employees per 200,000 1.50 1.53 1.54 2.34 1.50 work hours Near-Miss Frequency Rate, Contractors per 200,000 0.57 1.06 1.19 2.05 1.37 work hours Lost Time Incident Rate (LTIR), Employees per 200,000 0.08 0.03 0.04 0.08 0.08 and Contractors work hours LTIR, Employees per 200,000 0.25 0.13 0 0.12 0.09 work hours LTIR, Contractors per 200,000 0.04 0 0.06 0.06 0.08 work hours Total Recordable Incidents, # 10 13 7 Employees and Contractors Total Recordable Incidents, Employees # 3 2 1 Total Recordable Incidents, Contractors # 7 11 6 Average Hours of Health, Safety and per total 14 17 6 15 14 Emergency Response Training, Employees number (Based on Total Employee Count as at Year-End) employees Average Hours of Health, Safety and Emergency per total 15 22 19 13 18 Response Training, Contractors (US-Based Only) number contractors Preventable Vehicle Incident Rate per million 2.11 2.21 1.72 1.24 1.43 (Employee and US Onshore Only) miles driven Employee Diversity, Equity and Inclusion9 Employee Workforce Metrics Employee Count (Total Company) # 725 691 696 675 823 Median Age years 43 42 43 42 43 Employee Turnover (Voluntary) % 6% 11% 6% 6% 10% Representation of Women (US and International) Executive and Senior-Level Managers % 21% 16% 12% 12% 14% First- and Mid-Level Managers % 22% 22% 18% 17% 22% Professionals % 33% 35% 34% 34% 34% Other (Administrative Support and Field) % 7% 5% 7% 7% 20% Total % 22% 21% 21% 21% 27% 9
Professionals % 42% 39% 34% 33% 29% Other (Administrative Support and Field) % 30% 30% 31% 31% 36% Total % 35% 33% 30% 30% 29% Employee Training Average Training Time per Employee hours 18 19 (Based on Total Employee Count as at Year-End)
Scope 3 emissions on an individual company basis are not an indicator whether global GHG emissions are being reduced and do not provide context of how GHG emissions fit within the global energy system.
10 Water Management EM-EP-140a.1 (1) Total fresh water withdrawn, (2) total fresh water consumed, percentage of each Pages: 33, 86 in regions with High or Extremely High Baseline Water Stress EM-EP-140a.2 Volume of produced water and flowback generated; percentage (1) discharged, Pages: 33, 86 (2) injected, (3) recycled; hydrocarbon content in discharged water EM-EP-140a.3 Percentage of hydraulically fractured wells for which there is public disclosure of all Pages: 47, 86 fracturing fluid chemicals used EM-EP-140a.4 Percentage of hydraulic fracturing sites where ground or surface water quality Pages: 33, 46, 86 deteriorated compared to a baseline Biodiversity Impacts EM-EP-160a.1 Description of environmental management policies and practices for active sites EM-EP-160a.2 (1) Number and (2) aggregate volume of hydrocarbon spills, (3) volume in Arctic, (4) volume impacting shorelines with ESI rankings 8-10, and (5) volume recovered EM-EP-160a.3 Percentage of (1) proved and (2) probable reserves in or near sites with protected conservation status or endangered species habitat 94 2024 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT MURPHY OIL CORPORATION --- PAGE 95 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Code Metric Location Security, Human Rights and Rights of Indigenous Peoples, and Community Relations EM-EP-210a.1 Percentage of (1) proved and (2) probable reserves in or near areas of conflict EM-EP-210a.2 Percentage of (1) proved and (2) probable reserves in or near Indigenous land EM-EP-210a.3 Discussion of engagement processes and due diligence practices with respect to Pages: 67, 68; human rights, Indigenous rights and operation in areas of conflict Human Rights and Indigenous Rights Policies on website EM-EP-210b.1 Discussion of process to manage risks and opportunities associated with Pages: 66, 75 community rights and interests EM-EP-210b.2 (1) Number and (2) duration of nontechnical delays Workforce Health and Safety EM-EP-320a.1 (1) Total recordable incident rate (TRIR), (2) fatality rate, (3) near-miss frequency rate Pages: 54, 88 (NMFR), and (4) average hours of health, safety and emergency response training for (a) direct employees and (b) contract employees EM-EP-320a.2 Discussion of management systems used to integrate a culture of safety throughout the exploration and production lifecycle Reserves Valuation and Capital Expenditures EM-EP-420a.1 Sensitivity of hydrocarbon reserve levels to future price projection scenarios that account for a price on carbon emissions EM-EP-420a.2 Estimated carbon dioxide emissions embedded in proved hydrocarbon reserves — EM-EP-420a.3 Amount invested in renewable energy, revenue generated by renewable energy sales
Element Disclosure Location Governance Board’s oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities Management’s role in assessing and managing climate-related risks and opportunities Strategy Climate-related risks and opportunities the organization has identified over the short, Pages: 24-31 medium and long term Impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organization’s businesses, strategy and Pages: 24-31 financial planning Resilience of the organization’s strategy, taking into consideration different climate-related Pages: 24-31 scenarios, including a 2°C or lower scenario Risk Organization’s processes for identifying and assessing climate-related risks Pages: 10, 28, 76 Management Organization’s processes for managing climate-related risks Pages: 28, 76 Processes for identifying, assessing and managing climate-related risks are integrated Pages: 10, 28, 76 into the organization’s overall risk management Metrics Metrics used by the organization to assess climate-related risks and opportunities and Targets in line with its strategy and risk management process Scope 1, Scope 2 and, if appropriate, Scope 3 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, Pages: 14, 84 and the related risks Targets used by the organization to manage climate-related risks and opportunities and performance against targets MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 2024 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 97 --- PAGE 98 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE IPIECA/API/IOGP Sustainability Reporting Guidance, 4th Edition, 2020 Indicator Disclosure Location Governance and Business Ethics GOV-1 Governance approach Pages: 2, 8, 9, 73; Corporate Governance on website GOV-2 Management systems Pages: 2, 8, 9, 51, 73; Corporate Governance on website GOV-3 Preventing corruption Pages: 80, 81; Corporate Governance and Supplier Code of Conduct on website GOV-4 Transparency of payments to host governments GOV-5 Public advocacy and lobbying Climate Change and Energy CCE-1 Climate governance and strategy Pages: 11, 23, 24; Climate Change Position on website CCE-2 Climate risk and opportunities Pages: 14, 28, 32, 76 CCE-3 Lower-carbon technology CCE-4 Greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions Pages: 14, 84 CCE-5 Methane emissions Pages: 17, 84 CCE-6 Energy use Pages: 20, 85 CCE-7 Flared gas Pages: 21, 85 Environment ENV-1 Freshwater Pages: 33, 86 ENV-2 Discharges to water Pages: 33, 86 ENV-3 Biodiversity policy and strategy ENV-4 Protected and priority areas for biodiversity conservation ENV-5 Emissions to air Pages: 20, 86
ENV-6 Spills to the environment Pages: 44, 46, 58, 87 ENV-7 Materials management Pages: 33, 47, 49, 87 ENV-8 Decommissioning Pages: 42, 47 98 2024 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT MURPHY OIL CORPORATION --- PAGE 99 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Indicator Disclosure Location Safety, Health and Security SHS-1 Safety, health and security engagement SHS-2 Workforce and community health Pages: 53, 55, 62 SHS-3 Occupational injury and illness incidents Pages: 51, 88 SHS-4 Transport safety Pages: 55, 88 SHS-5 Product stewardship As an upstream company, we ensure that we comply with local laws and regulations pertaining to communicating the risks of handling and transporting of our products.
SHS-6 Process safety Pages: 44, 87 SHS-7 Security risk management Pages: 58, 76, 77 Social SOC-1 Human rights due diligence Pages: 67, 80; Human Rights Policy on website SOC-2 Suppliers and human rights Pages: 57, 67, 80, 81; Supplier Code of Conduct on website SOC-3 Security and human rights SOC-4 Site-based labour practices and worker accommodation Pages: 53, 57, 67, 80, 81 SOC-5 Workforce diversity and inclusion Pages: 60, 88; EEO-1 Data on website SOC-6 Workforce engagement Pages: 64, 88 SOC-7 Workforce training and development Pages: 62, 89 SOC-8 Workforce nonretaliation and grievance mechanisms ; Corporate Governance: Reporting of Concerns on website SOC-9 Local community impacts and engagement Pages: 65, 75 SOC-10 Indigenous peoples SOC-11 Land acquisition and involuntary resettlement Not applicable SOC-12 Community grievance mechanisms Pages: 66, 68; Corporate Governance: Reporting of Concerns on website SOC-13 Social investment SOC-14 Local procurement and supplier development Pages: 66, 81 SOC-15 Local hiring practices Pages: 62, 69 MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 2024 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 99 --- PAGE 100 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Sector Standard for Oil and Gas 2021
Indicator Disclosure Location GRI 1: Foundation 2021 REQUIREMENT 7: PUBLISH A GRI CONTENT INDEX 7-a-i GRI content index This index REQUIREMENT 8: PROVIDE A STATEMENT OF USE 8-a Claims of reporting in accordance with the Above GRI Standards GRI 2: General Disclosures 2021 Organization and Reporting Practices 2-1 ORGANIZATIONAL DETAILS 2-1-a Legal name of the organization Murphy Oil Corporation 2-1-b Nature of ownership and legal form The Company is a Delaware corporation, and its common stock is listed and traded on the NYSE under the ticker symbol “MUR” 2-1-c Location of headquarters 9805 Katy Fwy, Suite G-200, Houston, Texas 77024 2-1-d Countries of operation United States, Canada, Australia, Brazil, Brunei, Côte d’Ivoire, Mexico, Vietnam 2-2 ENTITIES INCLUDED IN SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING 2-2-a Entities included in the consolidated financial 2023
SEC Form 10-K 2-6-b-ii Supply chain 2-6-b-iii Entities downstream and their activities Refining and marketing 100 2024 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT MURPHY OIL CORPORATION --- PAGE 101 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Indicator Disclosure Location 2-6-c Other relevant business relationships not None part of value chain 2-6-d Significant changes to the organization None and its supply chain 2-7 EMPLOYEES 2-7-a Total number of employees by gender and region Pages: 61, 88; EEO-1 Data on website 2-7-b Permanent, temporary, non-guaranteed hours, full-time, Pages: 61, 88; EEO-1 Data on website and part-time employees by gender and region 2-7-c Methodologies and assumptions used to compile data 2-7-d Contextual information supporting 2-7-a and 2-7-b 2-7-e Significant fluctuations in the number of employees during and between the reporting periods Governance 2-9 GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE AND COMPOSITION 2-9-a Governance structure Pages: 11, 23; 2024 Proxy Statement 2-9-b List committees of the highest governance body ; 2024 Proxy Statement responsible for decision making on and overseeing the management of the organization's impacts on the economy, environment, and people 2-9-c Composition of the highest governance body ; 2024 Proxy Statement and its committees 2-10 NOMINATION AND SELECTION OF THE HIGHEST GOVERNANCE BODY 2-10-a Nomination and selection of the highest ; 2024 Proxy Statement governance body 2-10-b Criteria used for nominating and selecting ;
2024 Proxy Statement highest governance body members 2-11 CHAIR OF THE HIGHEST GOVERNANCE BODY 2-11-a Chair of the highest governance body ; 2024 Proxy Statement 2-11-b If chair is also a senior executive, explain their Not applicable function within organizational management 2-12 ROLE OF THE HIGHEST GOVERNANCE BODY IN OVERSEEING THE MANAGEMENT OF IMPACTS 2-12-a Role of highest governance body in Pages: 11, 23; 2024 Proxy Statement setting purpose, values, strategy, and policies 2-12-b Identifying and managing economic, environmental, Pages: 10, 11, 23, 76 and social impacts 2-12-b If the highest governance body engages with ; 2024 Proxy Statement stakeholders to support these process and how it considers the outcomes 2-12-c Effectiveness and frequency of risk Pages: 11, 23, 76 management processes MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 2024 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 101 --- PAGE 102 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Indicator Disclosure Location 2-13 DELEGATION OF RESPONSIBILITY FOR MANAGING IMPACTS 2-13-a Delegating authority Pages: 11, 23 2-13-b Executive-level responsibility for economic, Pages: 11, 23; individual sections of report environmental, and social topics 2-14 ROLE OF THE HIGHEST GOVERNANCE BODY IN SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING 2-14-a Highest governance body’s role in Health, Safety, Environment and Corporate Responsibility sustainability reporting (HSE&CR) Board Committee; ; HSE&CR Board Committee Charter on website 2-14-b If the highest governance body Not applicable is not responsible, explain 2-15 CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 2-15-a Conflicts of interest ; Corporate Governance: Reporting of Concerns on website; 2024 Proxy Statement 2-15-b If conflicts of interest are disclosed to stakeholders 2024 Proxy Statement including: cross-board membership, cross-shareholding with suppliers or other stakeholders, existence of controlling shareholders, related parties, their relationships, transactions, and outstanding balances 2-16 COMMUNICATION OF CRITICAL CONCERNS 2-16-a Communicating critical concerns Pages: 11, 23; 2024 Proxy Statement 2-17 COLLECTIVE KNOWLEDGE OF THE HIGHEST GOVERNANCE BODY 2-17-a Collective knowledge of highest governance body ;
2-21 ANNUAL TOTAL COMPENSATION RATIO 2-21-a Annual total compensation ratio 2024 Proxy Statement 2-21-b Percentage increase in annual total compensation ratio 2024 Proxy Statement 2-21-c Contextual information supporting 2024 Proxy Statement total compensation ratio 102 2024 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT MURPHY OIL CORPORATION --- PAGE 103 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Indicator Disclosure Location Strategy, Policies and Practices 2-22 STATEMENT ON SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT STRATEGY 2-22-a Statement from senior decision-maker 2-23 POLICY COMMITMENTS 2-23-a Precautionary Principle or approach Pages: 9, 10, 14, 28, 34, 41, 44, 55 2-23-b Values, principles, standards, and norms of behavior Pages: 3, 67, 80 2-23-c Links to policy commitments 2-23-d Level of approval for policy commitments 2-23-e Application of policy commitments to activities and business relationships 2-23-f Communication of policy commitments 2-24 EMBEDDING POLICY COMMITMENTS 2-23-a Embedding, integration, and implementation of policy commitments 2-25 PROCESSES TO REMEDIATE NEGATIVE IMPACTS 2-25-a Commitment for remediation of negative impacts 2-25-b Grievance mechanisms Pages: 43, 66, 68 2-25-c Other processes for remediation of negative impacts 2-25-d Stakeholders' involvement in grievance mechanisms 2-25-e Tracking effectiveness of grievance mechanisms 2-26 MECHANISMS FOR SEEKING ADVICE AND RAISING CONCERNS 2-26-a Mechanisms for advice and concerns about ethics ; Corporate Governance: Reporting of Concerns on website 2-27 COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS 2-27-a Non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations 2-27-b Total number and value of fines for instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations 2-28 MEMBERSHIP ASSOCIATIONS 2-28-a Membership of associations MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 2024 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 103 --- PAGE 104 --- INTRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT SAFETY OUR PEOPLE COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE Indicator Disclosure Location Stakeholder Engagement 2-29 APPROACH TO STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 2-29-a Approach to stakeholder engagement Pages: 10, 75; 2024 Proxy Statement 2-29-a-i Identifying and selecting stakeholders Pages: 10, 75; 2024 Proxy Statement 2-29-a-ii,iii Purpose and meaningful engagement of stakeholders Pages: 10, 75; 2024 Proxy Statement 2-30 COLLECTIVE BARGAINING AGREEMENTS 2-30-a Percentage of total employees covered We follow all laws in regards to a worker’s ability by collective bargaining agreements to bargain as a group instead of individually.
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021 3-1 PROCESS TO DETERMINE MATERIAL TOPICS 3-1-a Defining report content and topic Boundaries Pages: 2, 10 3-1-b Stakeholders and experts informing the Pages: 2, 10 process to determine material topics 3-2 LIST OF MATERIAL TOPICS 3-2-a List of material topics 3-2-b Changes in reporting None 3-3 MANAGEMENT OF MATERIAL TOPICS 3-3-a Actual and potential negative impacts 3-3-b Involvement with negative impacts through Pages: 23, 28, 76 direct or indirect activities 3-3-c Policies or commitments regarding material topics Pages: 23, 28, 76 3-3-d Precautionary Principle or approach Pages: 23, 28, 76 3-3-e Tracking effectiveness of actions taken Pages: 23, 28, 76 3-3-f How stakeholder engagement has informed actions GRI 11: Oil and Gas Sector 2021 SECTOR PROFILE Sector activities and business relationships Murphy Oil Corporation is a global oil and natural gas exploration and production company, with both onshore and offshore operations and properties.
Parental leave ; Careers: Benefits on website 11.10.6 Average hours of training per year per employee Pages: 62, 89 11.10.7 Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs 11.10.8 New suppliers that were screened using social criteria 11.10.9
End poverty in all its forms everywhere Goal 2 End hunger, achieve food security and improved nutrition and promote sustainable agriculture Goal 3 Ensure healthy lives and promote well-being for all at all ages Pages: 14, 51, 62, 65 Goal 4 Ensure inclusive and equitable quality education and Pages: 62, 65 promote lifelong learning opportunities for all Goal 5 Achieve gender equality and empower all women and girls Pages: 60, 62, 65 Goal 6 Ensure availability and sustainable management of water and Pages: 33-40, 44-46, 58, 49-50 sanitation for all Goal 7 Ensure access to affordable, reliable, sustainable and modern energy for all ; Climate Change Position on website Goal 8 Promote sustained, inclusive and sustainable economic growth, full and Pages: 62, 65, 81 productive employment and decent work for all Goal 9 Build resilient infrastructure, promote inclusive and sustainable industrialization and foster innovation Goal 10 Reduce inequality within and among countries Not applicable Goal 11 Make cities and human settlements inclusive, safe, resilient and sustainable Not applicable Goal 12 Responsible consumption and production – ensure sustainable Pages: 14, 33, 41, 44, 46-49, 81 consumption and production patterns Goal 13 Take urgent action to combat climate change and its impacts Pages: 14, 33; Climate Change Position on website Goal 14 Conserve and sustainably use the oceans, seas and marine resources for Pages: 33, 44, 49, 58 sustainable development Goal 15 Protect, restore and promote sustainable use of terrestrial ecosystems, Pages: 33, 41, 44 sustainably manage forests, combat desertification, and halt and reverse land degradation and halt biodiversity loss Goal 16 Promote peaceful and inclusive societies for sustainable development, Pages: 80, 81 provide access to justice for all and build effective, accountable and inclusive institutions at all levels Goal 17 Strengthen the means of implementation and revitalize the 2024 Sustainability Report, multiple sections global partnership for sustainable development on industry collaboration and partnerships 110 2024 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT MURPHY OIL CORPORATION --- PAGE 112 --- MURPHY OIL CORPORATION 9805 Katy Freeway, Suite G-200 Houston, Texas 77024 +1.281.675.9000
OUR BEHAVIORS Do Right Always • Respect people, safety, environment and the law • Follow through on commitments • Share openly and accurately • Make it better Stay With It •