--- PAGE 2 --- Contents About this Report Vedanta at a Glance Message from ESG Committee Chairperson Transforming Transforming Transforming the Communities the Planet Workplace 6 13 22 Scope and Boundary 7 Sustainability Approach Knowing our Data Compilation Methodology 8 and Assurance Stakeholders 38 52 83 Reporting Suite 8 Aim 1: Keep community 40 Aim 4: Net-carbon 54 Aim 7: Prioritising 85 Restatement of information 8 welfare at the core of neutrality by 2050 safety and health of business decisions or sooner all employees 15 Aim 2: Empowering over 49 Aim 5:
In Conversation with 24 2.5 million families with water positivity by 2030 parity, diversity and Sustainability enhanced skillsets inclusivity the Chairman Aim 6: Innovating for a 68 Action Plan Aim 3: Uplifting over 49 greener business model Aim 9: Adhere to global 98 Materiality 100 million women and business standards of children through corporate governance education, nutrition, healthcare, and welfare 9 17 27 Message from In Conversation with Human Capital Data Annexure 115 Priya Agarwal Hebbar Sustainable Mining the CEO Development GRI Content Index 136 144 UNGC Index Assurance 145 11 20 36 109 Statement --- PAGE 3 --- TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY 2023 COMMUNITIES THE PLANET THE WORKPLACE Reimagining Our Way of Doing Business Transforming Together for a Sustainable Future As one of the world’s largest Our Sustainability Goals are It is with an eye to this future that Vedanta decided to We live in a changed world today.
A world where the diversified natural resources articulated through our 9 Aims embark on its Transforming for Good journey.
The three pillars of our that will see India and its 1.4 billion people taking on hand in hand with the transition categories where we are transformative journey pivot around Transforming the role of a protagonist.
Our present as market leaders to Communities, Transforming the Planet and leadership position devolves on transform the future in Transforming the Workplace and we drive change us the responsibility of harmony with our 9 Aims.
We are by time-focused, pragmatic doing this through the use of targets that are driven through Uplift the best-in-class technologies, and by well-defined and marginalized and by following a conserve-to- performance-oriented empower the preserve approach.
We are harnessing world, our new projects are these internal synergies to prioritizing on aspects like enlist the support and minimum freshwater use, collaboration of both our Create benchmarks resource recycling and reuse internal and external Constitute a safe, for greener mining capabilities, right from stakeholders and to inclusive, practices and merit-focused the start.
extensive green workplace product portfolio 3 --- PAGE 4 --- TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY 2023 COMMUNITIES THE PLANET THE WORKPLACE Integrated Thinking Transforming for Good Vedanta adopts a comprehensive value creation WE ARE ESG Purpose and Mission process that considers all resources and relationships, material issues and strategic focus Led by our mission to create a Transforming for Good areas, against the backdrop of our mission and leading global natural Pillars Commitments and targets values.
Our ESG purpose ‘Transforming for Good’, resources company supplemented by a more comprehensive Aim 1 Aim 2 Aim 3 ‘Transforming Together’ theme is deeply Building on our experience & Keep community Empowering Uplifting over embedded into this process.
inherent advantages to deliver welfare at the over 2.5 million 100 million women core of business families with and children long-term value Transforming decisions enhanced through Education, skillsets Nutrition, Communities Healthcare and Focusing on material issues Welfare Enabled by focus on strategic ESG integration and Aim 4 Aim 5 Aim 6 world-class delivery with a Net-carbon Achieving net Innovating for consistent eye on material ESG neutrality by water a greener risks, megatrends and 2050 or positivity by business externalities Transforming sooner 2030 model the Planet Creating value for wide range of stakeholders
Our approach is communicate its sustainability integrated into all our decision commitment, performance against Environment, Social and Governance to a making processes as well as wide range of stakeholders, including policies, operations, processes, employees, investors, customers, targets and culture that helps to business partners, suppliers, lenders, the community, and the government.
Vedanta Limited, is a subsidiary The report is prepared in accordance with of Vedanta Resources Limited Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards and the data, activities and 2021, and contains additional disclosures aligned with United Nations Sustainable About this analyses presented here cover Development Goals (UN SDGs), and the period from April 1st, 2022 to United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) Report March 31st, 2023.
Through the information shared in our annual sustainability reports, including the current one, Vedanta has consistently acted in favour of transparency, collaboration and mutual understanding, displaying its responsibility and commitment towards practicing safe and responsible business, and a more sustainable future.
At providing a diverse mix of products that Additionally, our oil and gas operations, are Vedanta, we promote equal access As India ascends to a position of power and For a country as large as India to reach its for other emerging economies on their address a variety of needs is major priority expanding their reserves with a vision to to education, healthcare, nutrition leadership in the global arena, self-reliance in decarbonization targets without compromising journey of energy transition, and for us, and we are continuously driving contribute 50% to India's total oil and gas and sanitation to create its energy and metals and mining sources will on equitable social development, we will have low-carbon growth and development.
To strengthen our assets and opportunities for people to improve be crucial for reaching this position.
Vedanta to start doing things very differently from the launched two carbon-light and "Transforming for Good," boost production, we have invested USD their lives.
This is So, "Transforming for Good" is a very ultra-carbon light aluminium products and encourages group efforts for 1.2 billion in growth capital expenditures in that the children we support minerals and vision of contributing to nearly embodied in our vision, "Transforming for broad concept and we hope to achieve a similar efforts are underway.
Looking ahead, we anticipate complete secondary education and 50% of the nation’s oil and gas production, Good," which encourages group efforts to lot, across as many areas, as our products are the true litmus test for our committing an additional USD 1.7 billion in ending hunger and malnutrition in and value-added growth.
We are boosting achieve inclusive, responsible, and initiatives spread and mature.
our communities by 2030. provide real advantages to all production and investing to diversify our value-added growth.
manufacturer we are trying to make such Promoting further investment in the mining portfolio of assets in support of this.
In your opinion, what is Vedanta's role in alternatives available that serve the needs stakeholders, these efforts will be of these metals and minerals can support I am proud to say that in FY23, we Transforming for Good initiative seeks to Vedanta sees a bright future for itself as we helping India achieve self-reliance in of the planet and also of its people.
Our strong position in minerals and metals and in its energy upto our stakeholders to support, adopt stewardship and social equity, combat climate change.
These towards combatting malnutrition and planet, workforce and communities to create base metals, which we are consolidating transitioning by 2070?
As necessitating unprecedented ingenuity and Simultaneously, we are also diversifying and investments and prudent financial combat climate change.
The Vedanta Group’s strengthening our talent pipeline, securing our management to ensure steady the bar for a novel approach to economic Vedanta has been taking several initiatives impetus, Nand Ghar has introduced a non-executive Chairman, Anil Agarwal, takes bonds with the community and enhancing the shareholder returns and long-term growth that might sidestep the in support of our organization’s Net multi-millet nutribar to ensure us through a host of issues covering the public support that we derive.
Further, by 2030, we comprehensive nourishment for Company’s plans for the future; our vision for ESG leadership, that makes a long-lasting We have been continuously investing in have previously adopted and it can serve hope to have 2.5 GW of continuously every child in alignment with the meeting the dual national priorities of low difference in its areas of impact, is a business volume expansion, backward integration as a model for other emerging markets.
operating renewable energy (RE RTC) International Year of Millets and the carbon use and fast-track economic growth; differentiator and we hope to entrench our and value-added goods creation, and in India’s improved outlook in many ways is capacity.
Vedanta continues to assure steady Structural cost reduction and operational moves will continue as opportunities self-reliance in manufacturing, minerals will unify our transition to EVs, and we are shareholder returns through prudent efficiencies are well underway, and has helped emerge and business priorities evolve.
While several countries on schedule to completely decarbonize Furthermore, our targeted social management and exemplary governance.
What are some of the key moves more with less and reduce our footprint too.
It will Vedanta has a portfolio of nine metals Please take us through what has that have big ambitions but modest means of environment-friendly, sustainable and be targeting the highest economic growth and minerals that play a significant role been achieved so far and your reaching them.
Energy transitioning has rates in the world while lowering its carbon in the development of the country and Anil Agarwal accelerated across the globe and the future areas of focus.
Those in achieving India's energy and mineral In all these ways, we can serve as a role model Non-Executive Chairman are tough targets to meet by any standards.
At providing a diverse mix of products that Additionally, our oil and gas operations, are Vedanta, we promote equal access As India ascends to a position of power and For a country as large as India to reach its address a variety of needs is major priority expanding their reserves with a vision to to education, healthcare, nutrition leadership in the global arena, self-reliance in decarbonization targets without compromising for us, and we are continuously driving Vedanta has committed contribute 50% to India's total oil and gas and sanitation to create its energy and metals and mining sources will on equitable social development, we will have innovation in this area.
We have already to achieve production.
To strengthen our assets and opportunities for people to improve be crucial for reaching this position.
Vedanta to start doing things very differently from the launched two carbon-light and boost production, we have invested USD their lives.
This is ultra-carbon light aluminium products and 1.2 billion in growth capital expenditures in that the children we support minerals and vision of contributing to nearly embodied in our vision, "Transforming for similar efforts are underway.
Looking ahead, we anticipate complete secondary education and 50% of the nation’s oil and gas production, Good," which encourages group efforts to products are the true litmus test for our Carbon committing an additional USD 1.7 billion in ending hunger and malnutrition in has a pivotal role to play.
We are boosting achieve inclusive, responsible, and ‘Transforming Together’ endeavour – as a FY 2024 for various growth projects.
production and investing to diversify our value-added growth.
manufacturer we are trying to make such Promoting further investment in the mining portfolio of assets in support of this.
of these metals and minerals can support I am proud to say that in FY23, we Transforming for Good initiative seeks to Vedanta sees a bright future for itself as we of the planet and also of its people.
Our strong position in upto our stakeholders to support, adopt combat climate change.
As necessitating unprecedented ingenuity and Simultaneously, we are also diversifying and investments and prudent financial a part of its nutritional improvement innovation.
The Vedanta Group’s strengthening our talent pipeline, securing our management to ensure steady Vedanta has been taking several initiatives impetus, Nand Ghar has introduced a non-executive Chairman, Anil Agarwal, takes bonds with the community and enhancing the shareholder returns and long-term in support of our organization’s Net multi-millet nutribar to ensure This year, Nand Ghar has us through a host of issues covering the public support that we derive.
Further, by 2030, we comprehensive nourishment for Company’s plans for the future; our vision for ESG leadership, that makes a long-lasting We have been continuously investing in expanded to hope to have 2.5 GW of continuously every child in alignment with the meeting the dual national priorities of low difference in its areas of impact, is a business volume expansion, backward integration 4,500+ operating renewable energy (RE RTC) International Year of Millets and the carbon use and fast-track economic growth; differentiator and we hope to entrench our and value-added goods creation, and in capacity.
Vedanta continues to assure steady Structural cost reduction and operational moves will continue as opportunities locations across 14 states will unify our transition to EVs, and we are shareholder returns through prudent efficiencies are well underway, and has helped emerge and business priorities evolve.
Our on schedule to completely decarbonize Furthermore, our targeted social management and exemplary governance.
What are some of the key moves more with less and reduce our footprint too.
It will Please take us through what has that have big ambitions but modest means of environment-friendly, sustainable and be targeting the highest economic growth been achieved so far and your reaching them.
Energy transitioning has rates in the world while lowering its carbon future areas of focus.
Those In all these ways, we can serve as a role model are tough targets to meet by any standards.
10 --- PAGE 11 --- TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY 2023 COMMUNITIES THE PLANET THE WORKPLACE Taking stock on the first year of our transformation journey Our vision of "Transforming for Good," has reporting, and spotlighting of individual longer solely focus on short-term targets.
Under this shared Rather their horizons will extend till 2030, safe and secure workplace for our In Conversation with the Group CEO & Chief Safety Officer expectations of our community members vision of incremental transformation, we work making way for broader targets and employees that can become an industry and stakeholders while also establishing a on accepted pathways and can achieve a huge programmes with greater, accretive impact.
FY 2022-23 proved to be a precursor for How would you describe the transformation Our exceptional mining expertise is "Transforming Together" captures our collective progress and direction of Vedanta as the future, as we saw India’s economy achieved as a part of Vedanta's ESG journey?
We are committed to enhancing the skills of breaking away from the rest of the world to and a talented workforce, combined with At Vedanta, we have always been committed value for everyone.
We acknowledge the significant Our performance on important external fostered alignment and motivation among our business partners through various flagship fundamentals and domestic consumption, growth opportunities.
To address this, we have put in of excellence and integrity, and CDP has significantly improved because rather, we are driven by a larger purpose, and continue to be of utmost importance.
including China, saw subdued growth in likely to arise from environmental crises, place a comprehensive sustainability framework aiming to attain sustainable of our ESG activities.
the face of inflation and recessionary Vedanta has taken several strategic goals that acts as an anchor and a check, balancing sixth on the Dow Jones Sustainability Index, We make regular, planned investments to and responsible growth in pressures.
that act to mitigate climate change and the larger environmental and humanitarian among top 10 diversified metals and mining The Board ESG Committee has been create zero-harm environments, where our nature loss.
Our ambitious targets for collaboration with all concerns against business needs and peers.
Additionally, Vedanta and several of supportive of our goals and monitors our people can work with security and peace of High commodity prices, however, affected decarbonization, practice of circularity stakeholders.
This bottom line growth for Indian businesses and water positivity are in line with the thus answer to the dual needs of harmonizing on reputable platforms in the areas of this committee provided direction and is a very unfortunate situation, and we deeply in the first half of the year.
These backdrop, Vedanta has posted a and we continue to align our performance and governance (ESG) considerations.
There are more strong cost control has made us a much To help realize our "net zero" targets, we unpredictable macroeconomic environment manufacturing journey, our impressive than 1,000 projects – big and small – currently We have adopted the Incident Cause Analysis more resilient company, solidifying have signed renewable energy power caused by the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict.
underway to deliver on our nine ESG aims.
Method (ICAM) investigation process to the competitive advantage that we delivery agreements (PDAs) that will bring However, we adopted a holistic approach and scrutinize all fatalities and high-potential command.
788 MW of round-the-clock equivalent could achieve excellent operating performance How has the “Transforming for Good” Going forward, what is the vision for incidents in detail, enabling us to identify the renewable power to our businesses.
root cause of each incident and create a The company's ESG goals cover an Three additional facilities operated by us realignment of our supply chains.
position as a leader and unlock value through our efforts by fostering a more integrated have launched a cross-business audit to taking the responsibility for environmental We place a strong emphasis on upholding the execution of growth projects, while also business approach both in terms of our ensure that the best safety practices are stewardship via decarbonization, the Vedanta believes in responsible growth, good governance practices, supported by prioritizing on our ESG goals, innovation, operational and external outcomes, thereby being implemented across all our operations.
Our business unit CEOs are tirelessly working bringing long-lasting positive social communities to improve their lives accountability and transparency.
Our flagship initiative, our vision of “Transforming for Good” we aim and each of our businesses developed How has Vedanta’s sustainability agenda the CAPA learnings.
We currently have Nand Ghars in set larger, long-term targets, replacing the be followed in FY 2024.
Group CEO & Chief Safety Officer 11 --- PAGE 12 --- TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY 2023 COMMUNITIES THE PLANET THE WORKPLACE Our vision of "Transforming for Good," has reporting, and spotlighting of individual longer solely focus on short-term targets.
Under this shared Rather their horizons will extend till 2030, safe and secure workplace for our expectations of our community members vision of incremental transformation, we work making way for broader targets and employees that can become an industry and stakeholders while also establishing a on accepted pathways and can achieve a huge programmes with greater, accretive impact.
FY 2022-23 proved to be a precursor for How would you describe the transformation "Transforming Together" captures our collective progress and direction of Vedanta as the future, as we saw India’s economy achieved as a part of Vedanta's ESG journey?
We are committed to enhancing the skills of breaking away from the rest of the world to At Vedanta, we have always been committed value for everyone.
We acknowledge the significant Our performance on important external fostered alignment and motivation among our business partners through various flagship fundamentals and domestic consumption, impact that our operations can have on local rating systems including the Dow Jones leaders.
Ensuring the health and safety FY2023 saw India reaching an impressive Supported communities, ecosystems, and the Sustainability Indexes, Sustainalytics, MSCI, ourselves against self-imposed standards; of our people and other stakeholders will 6.8% GDP growth.
To address this, we have put in 0.32 and CDP has significantly improved because rather, we are driven by a larger purpose, and continue to be of utmost importance.
the face of inflation and recessionary that acts as an anchor and a check, balancing sixth on the Dow Jones Sustainability Index, We make regular, planned investments to pressures.
the larger environmental and humanitarian million among top 10 diversified metals and mining The Board ESG Committee has been create zero-harm environments, where our concerns against business needs and peers.
Additionally, Vedanta and several of supportive of our goals and monitors our people can work with security and peace of High commodity prices, however, affected exigencies.
This bottom line growth for Indian businesses women and children by thus answer to the dual needs of harmonizing on reputable platforms in the areas of this committee provided direction and is a very unfortunate situation, and we deeply in the first half of the year.
underway to deliver on our nine ESG aims.
Method (ICAM) investigation process to the competitive advantage that we However, we adopted a holistic approach and scrutinize all fatalities and high-potential command.
could achieve excellent operating performance How has the “Transforming for Good” Going forward, what is the vision for incidents in detail, enabling us to identify the despite the external shocks and the need for vision helped to integrate Vedanta’s Vedanta’s ESG journey?
root cause of each incident and create a The company's ESG goals cover an realignment of our supply chains.
Moreover, we philosophy of “Transforming for Good” by position as a leader and unlock value through our efforts by fostering a more integrated have launched a cross-business audit to taking the responsibility for environmental We place a strong emphasis on upholding the execution of growth projects, while also business approach both in terms of our ensure that the best safety practices are stewardship via decarbonization, the good governance practices, supported by prioritizing on our ESG goals, innovation, operational and external outcomes, thereby being implemented across all our operations.
our vision of “Transforming for Good” we aim and each of our businesses developed How has Vedanta’s sustainability agenda the CAPA learnings.
Duggal, we are acquainted with the set larger, long-term targets, replacing the be followed in FY 2024.
Committed to human growth and economic development, our commercial focus is enlightened with stewardship, and we ensure optimal presence in the world’s future growth markets, to bridge the gap between potential and means for realization.
HZL and ensure the longevity of resources through Type: Subsidiary Activity: Metal business large-scale investments in greenfield and brownfield expansion projects.
We deploy Business unit: Cairn Oil & Gas cutting-edge technologies and follow integrated Type: Business of Holding company Activity: Oil & Gas processes so that operations are exact, efficient and self-sustaining, helping us reduce costs while improving profitability.
Social and Governance is critical for our This inviolable truth has meant commercial well-being and operational businesses must reorient their ways of performance, and will help to preserve Vedanta’s working and review and mitigate the enterprise value and ensure business continuity impact of their operations.
Making sustainability deep rooted Realization of our business objectives rest on our ability to maintain social license and achieve impeccable Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) credentials.
To achieve these objectives, it is important to build an organization that has deep roots in sustainability and fully believes in the need for it.
The communities the planet the workplace three-pillar strategy comprises of nine aims, through which we drive sustainability outcomes across our communities, Our commitment is Our commitment lies in Our commitment is the workforce, and the planet.
towards maintaining our spearheading efforts to towards adopting 'social license to decarbonize the world, innovative operate' by conducting secure water resources approaches for ourselves in a for all, and incorporate managing our consultative, technological workforce, designing transparent, and fair advancements to compelling employee manner, and delivering ensure our operations experiences and both economic and are environmentally ensuring a safe social benefits to sustainable. workplace.
It plays a crucial role in ensuring that sustainability Scorecard-based KPIs Emphasis on objective and Annual performance rating and ESG is a mandatory KPI for all employees including considerations are effectively integrated into transparent KPIs fixed pay senior leaders – to foster a culture of safety/sustainability all decision-making processes and actions across the organization, and aims at driving continuous improvement and accountability ESG component in Safety/sustainability Annual bonus pay-out A minimum score of 70% is needed in VSAP audit annual performance scorecards have a 15% as a threshold for pay-out under this component.
We are living at a defining reduced global warming, abundant water and a equivalent to the annual water Breaking this trend, in the last one year, Under our "Transforming for moment in human history where the impact of fairer society.
We also reduced several key social goals subsidiary HZL now boasts of India’s first must break from the past to establish our freshwater consumption by 11.32% covering diversity and female underground mining engineers.
As a part of promoting a diverse we have so far achieved: primary healthcare, sanitation and hygiene, produce nine out of the 17 transition metals that and inclusive workplace, we are also livelihood creation and wildlife conservation green manufacturing and carbon-light •
Along with charting a technology solutions will need to metamorphose reduced by nearly 30% against a FY2021 and are trying to recruit talent from different greener way forward for our nation’s growth, the present towards a more sustainable future.
We view our role as an active agent in making LGBTQ+friendly atmosphere is another • RE usage has increased 14 times since priorities of creating a healthier and more this future a reality.
In support of our diversity and FY20.
We target spending USD 5 billion equitable society.
This is a Maintaining a safe work environment is a top We have our sights set on 2030, for reaching purchase, which reflects our 360-degree welcome move on several counts – not only priority for our company to ensure workforce multiple ESG goals.
This committed to reducing 25% of our GHG greater empowerment, the organization • The introduction of our carbon-light product commitment is fundamental for our emissions, decarbonizing our transportation benefits immensely too as these women lines, kicked off by Restora and Restora Ultra organizational growth.
FY 2023 COMMUNITIES THE PLANET THE WORKPLACE They also act as very powerful role models prioritizing critical risks and are overhauling our such awareness can help to reduce animal-borne infections and diseases while and drive corporate ESG efforts with a lot of safety standards.
such as regulators, investors, NGOs, and local communities to inform our view.
We are living at a defining reduced global warming, abundant water and a Breaking this trend, in the last one year, Spreading the power of good through AAF helps us effectively deliver on our environmental stewardship, social progress, and moment in human history where the impact of fairer society.
Our to join us in accepting our shared responsibilities so that we can ensure that our around us.
We assist women in getting better aligned with and progress.
This puts ESG at the center of business resilience, cost conservation and have invested approximately USD 240 million in the industry’s role requirements, we have corporate decision-making.
We have been on socio-economic development projects across India, been providing 2X training to women the ESG integration journey for more than a and this year we have successfully improved the lives employees compared to their male Defining new industry standards decade now and each day we work rigorously, of around ~42 million individuals across 1300 villages counterparts in FY2023.
As a part of promoting a diverse 44 16% we have so far achieved: initiative Nand Ghar uses the pre-existing produce nine out of the 17 transition metals that and inclusive workplace, we are also government network of anganwadi or childcare green manufacturing and carbon-light •
Our GHG intensity (TCO e/INR Mn) has consciously encouraging regional diversity 2 centres and we have successfully modernized more technology solutions will need to metamorphose reduced by nearly 30% against a FY2021 million community women in and are trying to recruit talent from different than 4,500 anganwadis nationwide.
Establishing an members in India and our STEM roles available even in the remotest parts of India, and the We view our role as an active agent in making LGBTQ+friendly atmosphere is another • RE usage has increased 14 times since modern anganwadis offer 24×7 solar electricity, countries of operations (up from 13%) this future a reality.
In support of our diversity and FY20.
We target spending USD 5 billion clean and hygienic toilets, and water purifiers.
Apart from progressive fleet Invested approximately exchange of viewpoints and enable us to these centres, along with livelihood support for decarbonization, we have introduced an for Good is focused on integrating all-round better understand their problems.
Maintaining a safe work environment is a top the lives of 44 million community members in India purchase, which reflects our 360-degree We have our sights set on 2030, for reaching million priority for our company to ensure workforce and our countries of operations.
This committed to reducing 25% of our GHG •
The introduction of our carbon-light product commitment is fundamental for our The significance of animal welfare and conservation in socio-economic development emissions, decarbonizing our transportation lines, kicked off by Restora and Restora Ultra organizational growth.
FY 2023 COMMUNITIES THE PLANET THE WORKPLACE Message from the ESG Committee Chairperson Dear Stakeholders, • Inclusion of members from the Some significant achievements that we that will have the greatest impact on our transgender community into our have made during the year are: water usage.
In line with our commitment towards • Submission of a pledge to plant 7 million reduced by nearly 30% from FY21 Under our “Transforming for sector while we continue to create long-term becoming fully water-positive, we have trees, making us the first South Asian and • RE usage has increased by four times value for our stakeholders.
Through this partnership, we are • Establishment of dedicated ESG forums Communities, Planet and The instituting the change processes to achieve a confident that we will continue to make a across business units, which is a first for Our Green Metals initiative marks our foray future that integrates sustainability into all our positive impact on SDG 6.
This means reimagining established aligned nine discrete can answer the world’s urgent need for ways of working – right from how we extract Promoting Diversity, Inclusivity, and organisational aims under resources to how we engage with communities During the year, we made considerable lowering GHG emissions in the Gender Parity in the Workplace strides towards fulfilling our responsibility as hard-to-abate sectors.
With this Planet and The Workplace, and we have aligned initiatives.
This is reflected in our report, 2023, we have also launched a pilot goal in mind, we have initiated several nine discrete organisational aims under these which underscores our commitment to project for producing copper from significant programmes that aim to revamp pillars.
The articulation of these aims has helped sustainability across all areas of our recycled copper, thereby further reducing the composition of our workforce and to give definite shape to our sustainability efforts, operations.
and we use them as a base for formulating micro committed to fuel switch programmes, by targets, designing appropriate interventions and Achieving Net-Zero Carbon using 5% biomass in our thermal power In FY 2023, our talent management leveraging interlinkages to achieve holistic programmes were led by the target of outcomes.
The drive to With our purpose and values firmly in mind, we sustainable future and will continue to take create a more gender-balanced workforce Our goal of decarbonizing 100% of our have made good progress in FY 2023 against our significant action to reduce our carbon is taken a step farther by our V-Lead LMV fleet by 2030 and 75% of our mining three strategic pillars, and I am delighted to footprint.
U.K. Sinha energy-powered plant, Non-Executive Independent Director Chairperson of ESG Committee 22 --- PAGE 23 --- TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY 2023 COMMUNITIES THE PLANET THE WORKPLACE Dear Stakeholders, • Inclusion of members from the Maximizing water use efficiency that will have the greatest impact on our To ensure that our efforts towards I believe that with our substantial and transgender community into our water usage.
inclusivity are sustained and impactful, we comprehensive action plans already rolled Nearly 67% of our plants are located in At Vedanta, we strive to establish ourselves as a workforce, have established our first Diversity and out, Vedanta is well-positioned to be a water-stressed areas, which underlines sustainability leader in the natural resources In line with our commitment towards Inclusion (D&I) Council.
This effort, coupled leader of choice for customers, employees, • Submission of a pledge to plant 7 million the need for systematic and scientific sector while we continue to create long-term becoming fully water-positive, we have with the launch of the People Community of business partners, and stakeholders, all trees, making us the first South Asian and management and conservation of this value for our stakeholders.
Establishment of dedicated ESG forums instituting the change processes to achieve a confident that we will continue to make a consumption has decreased by more across business units, which is a first for future that integrates sustainability into all our positive impact on SDG 6.
significant progress in establishing an ESG During the year, we made considerable resources to how we engage with communities Gender Parity in the Workplace framework that is aligned with our long-term strides towards fulfilling our responsibility as and our employees.
We are pleased to inform our conscientious caretakers of nature’s wealth Creating equal opportunities for all Our goal of decarbonizing this year is that we have become stakeholders that our achievements in the through our enlightened environmental employees, regardless of their gender, race, Under our “Transforming for Good” vision, we 100% water-positive at four of our sites, owing ESG space have also been recognised by impact mitigation and renewal programmes, or sexual orientation, is critical to building a work across the three pillars of Communities, to the increased usage of renewable ESG rating providers.
With this Planet and The Workplace, and we have aligned energy, which has, in turn, helped to performance in the DJSI rating has initiatives.
This is reflected in our report, goal in mind, we have initiated several nine discrete organisational aims under these of our LMV fleet by 2030 reduce water consumption significantly.
significantly improved this year, with our which underscores our commitment to significant programmes that aim to revamp pillars.
The articulation of these aims has helped In addition, we have installed zero liquid score rising from 62 to 76, across all three and 75% of our mining fleet sustainability across all areas of our the composition of our workforce and to give definite shape to our sustainability efforts, discharge plants and sewage treatment ESG dimensions.
by 2035 is driven by the and we use them as a base for formulating micro plants at various locations to accelerate secured the sixth position in the global targets, designing appropriate interventions and adoption of electric fleets our journey towards water positivity.
sustainability rankings for the metals and Achieving Net-Zero Carbon In FY 2023, our talent management leveraging interlinkages to achieve holistic Currently, we recycle 31% of the water mining sector.
programmes were led by the target of outcomes.
The drive to With our purpose and values firmly in mind, we sustainable future and will continue to take As an additional lever of change, we Practice have been instrumental in driving create a more gender-balanced workforce have made good progress in FY 2023 against our significant action to reduce our carbon have stepped up on improving our our sustainability agenda forward, and we is taken a step farther by our V-Lead three strategic pillars, and I am delighted to footprint.
With a target of achieving net-zero operational efficiencies, and digitally are confident that their continued efforts programme, which aims to identify present some of the major achievements of the carbon emissions by 2050 or earlier and a mapping our water consumption, will help us achieve our 2030 ESG targets high-performing women employees for CXO year.
areas where we can reduce water industry, but we also believe more associations like the Society for Human • Successful implementation of electric vehicles It is an enormous undertaking, and we have consumption.
How We Engage How We Engage How We Engage How We Engage How We Engage How We Engage The Company has established a The Company interacts through: The Company has an active The Group has implemented Vedanta ensures the consistent Our engagement with regulatory comprehensive social Channels on teams, broadcasting investor relations team that multi-stakeholder initiatives and implementation of its code of business bodies includes participation in framework as a key to engaging on whatsapp, Chairman, Vice consistently provides public partnerships with international conduct by having company personnel government consultation with local communities.
We follow a to stakeholders through investor concerns or trends from scorecard is meticulously maintained.
the business and operational community engagement multi-dimensional approach to meetings, site visits, conferences, engagements with international, The company's commitment to levels both directly and through through community group career and leadership and quarterly result calls.
We are meetings are organized raise their concerns, a dedicated economic development of increasing our community periodically to improve contact channel has been • Expectations of being aligned the nation • Consistent implementation of the outreach via public hearings, performance on material issues assigned: ir@vedanta.co.in and with the global sustainability code of business conduct and ethics grievance mechanisms, and pertinent to Vedanta.
welfare committee to help with employee engagement initiatives • Consistent disclosure of through employee training, and by economic, social, and Key Expectations organising other outreach environmental performance activities.
On the X-axis, impact on business has been projected and assigned varying weightages critical step ensures the accuracy and completeness of the based on their relative influence.
Finally, a During the review process, the senior management team mutually exclusive and cumulatively exhaustive (MECE) list of 26 On the Y-axis, the business prioritization was reviewed, considering the nine aims adopted carefully examined the findings and insights derived from material topics were prepared to streamline and prioritize the material by Vedanta as part of our strategy, ESG-related risks within Vedanta's Enterprise Risk the assessment.
By considering both financial and non-financial impacts, we aim to bring a comprehensive and balanced approach to evaluating the significance of these issues, as well as the associated risks and opportunities.
FY 2023 COMMUNITIES THE PLANET THE WORKPLACE Mapping Materiality matters to ESG Aims Mapping Materiality Matters with Vedanta’s Enterprise Risk Framework To ensure harmony and synergy with the overall organizational direction, an evaluation was conducted to verify that all ESG-related risks identified as principal and emerging risks within the risk management framework are in alignment with the high priority material topics.
Indigenous Peoples and Cultural Heritage Climate Change and Health, Safety and Decarbonization Well-being Land Acquisition, Rehabilitation Additionally, this exercise allowed us to evaluate and Closure emerging risks, megatrends, and regulations in terms of their significant impact on our business Aim 2 Aim 5 Aim 8 model and key value drivers, including revenue growth, margins, and capital requirements.
For instance, Labor Practices climate change and decarbonisation are both high-priority material topics and a "principal risk" in our ERM framework, with potential wide-ranging Aim 3 Aim 6 Aim 9 impacts on our business.
By integrating materiality assessment with ERM, we Risk Management Air Emissions and Quality and Controls are able to align the sustainability strategy with the Tailings Management risk management framework and address our ESG impact more effectively.
Governance of the materiality High Impact Topics for our External stakeholders Key Material Topics assessment ensures that this process is well-regulated and structured.
29 --- PAGE 30 --- TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY 2023 COMMUNITIES THE PLANET THE WORKPLACE Material Issue Business Case Impact (Cost, Business Strategies Risk, Revenue) Climate Change & Transitioning to a lower-carbon economy requires extensive changes in policies, regulations, Risk Our climate change strategy and roadmap prioritize net-zero emissions by aligning our financial capital allocation Decarbonization technologies, and markets to address mitigation and adaptation requirements related to climate framework and social values with the goals of the Paris Agreement.
Depending on these changes, transition risks may pose varying levels of financial and a) From 2021 to 2025, we aim to reduce GHG intensity (TCO e/MT) of our metal businesses by 20% compared reputational risks to the Company.
at limiting or reducing GHG emissions are likely to impact the Company’s operations due to increased costs for fossil fuels, levies for emissions exceeding permitted levels, and increased b) Between 2021 and 2030, our focus is on creating renewable energy capacity.
By FY 2030, we aim to establish administrative costs for monitoring and reporting.
The Company c) From 2026 to 2030, we expect to achieve a 25% reduction in absolute GHG emissions compared to FY 2021.
Also, CBAM could potentially increase the Company’s risk exposure due to decreased market access.
To ensure the well-being of training to understand the risks associated with their work.
This commitment is fundamental for our organizational growth and the positive impact we can make on society.
To validate our commitment, all our operational facilities and sites have By prioritizing health and safety, we build trust with our employees and other stakeholders.
This enhances our reputation in the industry and positions us as an employer We have also initiated a Critical Risk Management program aimed at identifying and prioritizing critical risks, of choice.
process of overhauling our safety standards under the VSF initiative, ensuring continuous improvement and alignment with the best practices in the industry.
Water Water is a critical input for Vedanta’s operations and has the potential to disrupt operations, to Risk Vedanta has comprehensive water management strategy in place at operations to ensure that fair allocation of Management impact productivity of staff as well as to impact revenues and logistics.
a) Site-specific roadmaps are being developed, which involve identifying projects both within and outside the Company’s premises to improve the Company’s water positivity ratio.
These impacts can result in: b) To reduce freshwater usage, the Company is banking on technology deployment across our sites for process improvement and recycling of wastewater.
As part of their integrated watershed management initiatives (IWMI), the Company is creating rainwater harvesting and groundwater recharging projects for communities to improve freshwater availability.
30 --- PAGE 31 --- TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY 2023 COMMUNITIES THE PLANET THE WORKPLACE Progress against our Goals Mapping Materiality Matters to Stakeholder Impacts and Expectations Material Topics Material Topics Water Waste Management Management Page Number: 63 Page Number: 68 Impact, Risk, Opportunity Impact, Risk, Opportunity External Stakeholder Impact on Community External Stakeholder Impact on Community, Customers Interest from: Employees, Business Partners, Community, Customers, Industry Interest from: Senior Management, Forums, Regulators Employees, Business Partners, Community, Customers, Industry Forums, Regulators Impact Areas: Society & Environment Impact Areas: Society Impact Impact Negative Positive As part of our ongoing commitment to Output Metric: Water withdrawn(cu.m) and Output Metric: Waste diverted from landfill ‘Transforming for Good’ by transforming water replenished (cu.m) 29,930,371 (in metric tonnes)
Lost we have developed an ESG scorecard to track our progress toward our aims Impact metric: Ratio of Water Impact Metric: Avoidance of productive land and targets.
Aim 1 Aim 3 Keeping community welfare at the core of business decisions Uplifting over 100 million women and children through Education, Nutrition, Healthcare, and Welfare Key Performance Sustainability Performance Material Indicators Goals in FY 2023 Matters Key Performance Sustainability Performance Material Indicators Goals in FY 2023
Work with Commercial CoP Inclusive Supply (% women in women transition long-term, tier 1 constituted to Chain leadership roles suppliers to submit address supplier in FTE workforce) their GHG reduction chain related ESG strategies issues (including Diversity and GHG emissions) Gender diversity FY 2030: 30% 28.34% inclusion FY 2030: Align GHG (% women in women reduction strategies decision-making with our long-term bodies in FTE tier-1 suppliers workforce)
Our Sustainability Implementation Roadmap offers comprehensive guidance to mine teams, assisting them in aligning diversified mining business, their sustainability goals with corporate objectives, implementing our primary focus lies in sustainability interventions, reporting performance and financial ensuring the implementation elements such as reduced cost and increased profitability.
Incorporating local community environmental stewardship, we have needs, environmental and social risk taken significant steps to align our mitigation actions into the mine plan operations with internationally accepted standards.
This involves a Sustainable comprehensive approach that integrates environmental Operational • Develop annual and long term targets considerations into our everyday Mining operations.
By doing so, we aim to minimize the potential environmental • Review and report performance impacts of our mining operations, preserve biodiversity, and contribute Site Closure •
Our commitment to mine closure including social standards, such as the IFC performance closure initiates even before the commencement standards, IFC EHS Guidelines, ICMM principles, of mining operations and remains an ongoing as well as impact assessment and consultation process throughout the entire life cycle of the processes where applicable.
Our closure plans are built upon the technical standard for site closure, which Vedanta has successfully completed the encompass prioritizing safety and stability, closure of a single site: Lisheen, in Ireland back fostering socio-economic transition, and in 2015.
37 --- PAGE 38 --- TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY 2023 COMMUNITIES THE PLANET THE WORKPLACE Sustainable growth means In this section finding an equilibrium between Aim 1 our progress and the surrounding • Keep community welfare at the core of communities.
Aim 2 • Empowering over 2.5 million families with As one of the world’s largest producers of enhanced skillsets key metals and oil and gas, we provide the resources on which nations build their Aim 3 present and conceive their futures.
We honour and maintain this trust through Local procurement improved to our commitment to causing no harm to 40% Transforming communities, by sharing the benefits of our business and growth, and through open communication, empathetic Communities engagement and proactive conflict resolution.
Security practices Indigenous people Resettlement and Aim 3 Land Acquisition Uplifting over 29,000 100 million Nand Ghars to be completed women and children through Education, by FY 2025 Nutrition, Healthcare and Welfare 39 --- PAGE 40 --- TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
Strategies are in place to ensure system for managing our coordinated manner to build local procurement and local community relations and these community trust.
That a coordinated stakeholder ownership for smooth conduct of include: External Affairs/Public engagement strategy is in place Mining is a high-stakes endeavour, involving heavy community relations lies at the BU Relations, Operations, Security, CSR, that involves relevant internal investment, long operating periods, changes to CEO-level and it flows down to the Human Resources, HSE, Finance, and teams like CSR, External Affairs, site-level staff for effective Corporate Communications.
The social license to operate - The SPSCs help ensure: represented by the surrounding communities’ We have a dedicated social A cross-functional "Social i. Social incidents are investigated, approval and cooperation in the carrying out of performance management team Performance Steering Committee" and that the resolution of grievances on-site and an established grievance mining activities, is thus a crucial part of our (SPSC), chaired by the BU CEO or happen in a timely manner.
all our sites to ensure that site remedial actions on grievances management is fully aware of raised by the community.
Present at each site • Supports the SPM • Works through well-defined procedures to address • Ensures implementation of social • Act as a liaison between community grievances performance principles on-site company and community transparently and promptly • Cordinates the • Maintains regular communication, community-company interaction addresses community concerns and anchors initiatives through prompt interventions 40 --- PAGE 41 --- TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
Our approach is to Implmenting Stakeholder Engagement Plan Tailored project design Grievance Redressal co-create positive alternatives so that livelihoods and living conditions improve over time, and communities become Information sharing Optimised investment Reporting & communications economically independent.
By seeking community input and implementing targeted investments, we aim to foster positive relationships, Across all our businesses, we follow a findings and subsequent actions interactions, which proves crucial in the address concerns, and contribute to localized community consultation and communicated back to relevant event of staff rotation or turnover.
To ensure practice safeguards the interests of engage in open dialogues with continuity and transparency, we maintain both the community and the company.
communities residing near our mines, comprehensive records of all community Our strategy around building and maintaining facilities, and proposed projects, to meetings, commitments, and significant ‘Social license to Operate’ rests on these understand their developmental and foundational elements livelihood needs and design appropriate interventions.
These reports undergo consultations • Welfare and community development programmes thorough investigations using standardized procedures, with the 41 --- PAGE 42 --- TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
Disclosure of Resettlement is done in those displacement cases where communities are eligibility and At our Lanjigarh facility, we have been working to improve their lives as they gain new skills that in close proximity to the mines 3 entitlements can help them create a better future.
A total investment on INR impacts of resettlement as: guide our actions and 130,720,000,000 is being made that includes minimize biodiversity-related • Loss of productive land payments for land purchase, Resettlement impacts.
These efforts just and fair in our handling of • Social fragmentation demonstrate Vedanta's commitment towards the transition.
Dependent on forest produce Identifying Principles of Commitment to Audit and and to certain unique ways of living, these indigenous affected good protect and assessment of groups are repositories of knowledge, cultures, and indigenous engagement of preserve relocation / practices that are distinctive and not part of the peoples indigenous cultural heritage resettlement mainstream.
Our commitment lies in establishing of local robust and enduring relationships with Indigenous activities communities and to promote their socio-economic development.
In all those areas of our operations that are contiguous to Understanding Free prior and Grievance habitations of indigenous people, we try to ensure that the local context informed mechanisms there is no negative impact on people’s specific rights to for engaging with consent protect their cultures, traditional lifestyles, and close ties indigenous (FPIC) with land and water.
Preserving cultural heritage is a peoples fundamental component of our commitment to effectively manage our social impact.
Our corporate actions align with the UN Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples and ILO Convention 169 on Indigenous and Tribal Peoples.
To understand their perspectives and needs, we actively In the fiscal year 2019, we conducted an independent assessment to evaluate the Free, Prior, and engage in dialogue and implement impact management Informed Consent (FPIC) requirements alongside the existing rigorous Indian regulations designed to processes that are designed after two-way consultations and have the support and agreement of affected protect the rights of indigenous communities.
We have established the programme regulations align with the principles of FPIC.
Where there are gaps, we are actively developing internal design, risk management controls and supporting standards to ensure our compliance and uphold our commitment to FPIC.
This exercise highlights our information needed to avoid, reduce, and in some cases determination to follow well-regarded standards and best practices to ensure that our organization uses compensate for adverse project impacts on indigenous all means possible to protect the best interests of the indigenous peoples.
Geo fencing to ensure unauthorised entries in most critical operational areas Third-party Children employees Hours, wages and leave • Roaster system for monitoring and capturing time-in and time out Freedom of Association •
Sustainability screening on human rights and child labour, environment, and labour aspects for all new suppliers and contractors Human Rights Assessment Discrimination • Sensitisation and training for all employees In FY2022, we used the Global Compact Self-Assessment Tool1 to conduct • Established an Internal Complaints Committee (ICC) human rights assessment at all our sites.
The tool assessed site conditions on various thematic parameters such as management approach, health safety impacts, labour rights – Common Practices: including human trafficking, forced labour, child labour, right to collective • Established Social Performance COP at group level bargaining and freedom of association, equal remuneration, discrimination, • A functional Social Performance Steering committee (SPSC) at all sites.
plans have been modified and updated to ensure that human dignity is • Implemented standards on: Human Rights, Social Performance, Stakeholder Engagement, Grievance Mechanism maintained in our day-to-day operations, and that every employee is treated •
To achieve this employees on our payroll and the respect that we have for our baseline against, which we are now risks associated with goal, we have established the contractual workers.
Transparent and referred to “The Asia Floor Wage” By FY2030, we aim to set the living related sector artisanal in cases of human rights fair discussions between union framework as our standard.
Creating employment opportunities: This is the to the growth and sustainability of local foremost lever through which we ensure that the businesses, and stimulate economic benefits of our business extends to the people activity within the region.
As a part of our Local employment Project Utthan is committed to creating living in the vicinity.
There are various ways in targeted CSR initiatives, we endeavour to jobs for educated youth in Kalahandi and created for which employment opportunities are created.
The program certain cases, even senior management includes additional training to nurture positions maybe filled by individuals from nearby their skills and promote growth into communities, given our commitment of providing leadership roles.
aspects of child and maternal welfare: In support of the government's • Maternal and Child Health initiative, Vedanta has introduced Through trained Maternal Health Visitors (MHVs) and a nutri bar as part of its efforts to strengthening government delivery systems, primary enhance the nutritional intake of healthcare services are provided, ensuring the well-being children aged three to six years, of mothers and children.
This initiative follows a 6x6x6 model, Healthy and nutritious food is provided to reduce delivering multi-millet bars malnutrition, ensuring that children receive proper containing six power-packed nourishment for their growth and development.
48 --- PAGE 49 --- TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY 2023 COMMUNITIES THE PLANET THE WORKPLACE Aim 2 Aim 3 Empowering over 2.5 million families Uplifting over 100 million women and children through with enhanced skillsets education, nutrition, healthcare and welfare Key Material Issues Women Empowerment Community Engagement & Development Project Nayi Kiran - Menstrual Health Management In the four years since its launch, BALCO has spent At Vedanta, we believe that the well-being of the close to INR 170 million and the project has now communities where we do business is crucial for the reached over 48,000 individuals, including women, men, adolescent girls, and boys.
However, about menstruation and truly ‘Transforming Together’ trust and support.
In FY23, Dhokra (including anganwadi and ASHA workers), Creating MHM infrastructure and Saura artists achieved INR 0.7 million adolescent girls and boys were trained as BALCO has established four Swastha in sales, resulting in an average 15% ‘Master Trainers’ on Menstrual Health Suvidha Kendra’s (SSK centres) as a growth in household income.
increase in milk intake within a mere 8 access to the necessary resources for enhance the performance of students in months, surging to 600 liters per day.
Rooted in commitment, include: Celebration & Paras Mall. showcasing innovation, and community, the journey DAICHI products in a setting that seamlessly embodies the potential of microenterprises a) National Level Performances blends tradition with modernity.
This milestone, however, represents more than INR 33.1 million b) State Level Competitions just numbers – it reflects the collective The supported students have excelled dedication of Sakhis, whose efforts Business Turnover in state-level competitions, securing a contributed to a total income of INR remarkable 85 medals; 26 gold, 25 3,337,000.
As an AIM 5 industry leader we have taken on this challenge proactively, and set • Achieving net water positivity by 2030 ourselves key zero impact goals – AIM 6 to reach Net Carbon Zero by 2050, become Net Water Positive by • Innovating for a greener business model 2030 and to achieve Net Positive Impact for all sites designated as KEY HIGHLIGHTS critical habitats.
GHG Intensity Our net-carbon neutrality strategy uses a 6.25 TCO e mix of reduce and replace to achieve its 2 goal, by switching to alternate fuels and per tonne of metal renewable energy, through LMV (4% lower from FY 2021 baseline) decarbonization and by altering our operations and processes to become more environment-friendly.
We have taken the No Net Loss and Net Positive Impact commitments to ensure GJ/INR million that we leave behind a greener footprint.
Water Aim 6 Waste FY 2025: FY 2030: Sustain the fly ash utilisation at 100% Zero legacy ash Biodiversity 100% low toxicity, high volume generated waste to be utilised All tailing facilities audited and critical Tailings actions closed with real-time monitoring Review of site biodiveristy risk across all our locations 53 --- PAGE 54 --- TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY 2023 COMMUNITIES THE PLANET THE WORKPLACE
From rising sea levels that threaten an organization, we are committed catastrophic floods to searing heat waves that cause Disruption of business as usual More regulations leading to higher to reaching Net Carbon Zero by operating costs 2050 or potentially earlier.
This will further a comprehensive climate change Water scarcity and conflicts increase costs and affect the profitability strategy and roadmap, which of the company.
Mineral Our FY 2030 and FY 2050 GHG economy extraction and purification processes reduction commitment targets are extensively use water.
However, The low-carbon economy cannot come aligned with the 20C Science Based changing weather patterns have into being without the use of metals and Target Initiative (SBTi) scenario.
Metals like aluminium, 54 --- PAGE 56 --- TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY 2023 COMMUNITIES THE PLANET THE WORKPLACE Climate-related Risk Assessment Internal carbon pricing aids the transition to decarbonisation We carried out an in-depth climate risk assessment and scenario analysis to comprehensively understand At Vedanta, we are using Internal Carbon and analyse the risks and opportunities posed by Price (ICP) to future-proof our business climate change to our business.
By studies helped to make a roadmap to achieve Net embedding climate risks into our investment Zero target by 2050.
expenses) > INR 50 million made by • Transition risk assessment: For our transition risk Vedanta and its operating subsidiaries.
https://www.vedantalimited.com/SiteAssets/Images/ TCFD-Report-FY23.pdf 56 --- PAGE 57 --- In FY 2023, our operations emitted 65.36 MMT of CO e from Scope 1 and Scope 2 2 sources, marking a 4.02% increase compared to FY 2022.
The plan sets short-, medium- and long-term GHG emission reduction targets to reach our Net Zero goal in a phased manner, while also fulfilling national and international commitments and generating sustainable value for our business and stakeholders.
However, currently Vedanta does not have company-wide, Scope biomass co-firing, 3-specific emissions reduction targets but we are actively working 65 MTCO e carbon offsets Our Scope 3 emissions make up almost 35% of our total towards finalizing these by the end of FY 2024.
As we move toward decarbonisation, we are 45 MTCO e Vedanta’s business, with many emissions creating trying to achieve carbon-neutral growth and our plans for 2 activities lying beyond the boundaries of our business.
FY 2023 COMMUNITIES THE PLANET THE WORKPLACE Building up our renewable Energy efficiency measures energy resources We have successfully implemented a range of targeted energy reduction initiatives that are driving impact by improving energy efficiency and In 2022, we announced a 2.5 GW reducing consumption.
As a part of this commitment, we have Achieving Impactful Energy and Emission Reduction entered into a partnership with Through Targeted Initiatives Direct and Indirect Energy Consumption (million GJ) Serentica Renewables to develop ~0.9 GW of RTC RE equivalent power across Karnataka, Rajasthan, 619,721 6,00,000.00 Maharastra, & Andhra Pradesh.
This aspect involves innovative approaches like embracing circularity through the use of reclaimed and recycled material, as well as, the As an outcome of the Restora manufacturing process, we have use of ground breaking technologies.
60 --- PAGE 61 --- TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY 2023 COMMUNITIES THE PLANET THE WORKPLACE Decarbonization of alumina refinery and transitioning to green alumina manufacture Roadmap to Green Alumina 20.8% 0.60 GHG Intensity reduction curve 12.5% tCO e/T 2 By FY30 To achieve our goal of reducing overall In FY 2022-23, significant progress Green 0.6% Alumina GHG emissions we are first transitioning was achieved towards improving our most emission-intensive production energy efficiency and sustainability.
At the operational boilers, green power import, and a Intensity • 1% every year 0.96 level, this means reducing specific steam decrease in specific energy tCO e/T • 0.03 tCO e/T 2 2 and fuel oil consumption, specific consumption to 7.16 GJ/T were also electrical energy reduction, and specific accomplished, demonstrating a greenhouse gas emissions reduction.
The company has This project aims at reducing GHG Hindustan Zinc Ltd. (HZL), a subsidiary of Vedanta Vehicle (EV) policy for its partnered with a cab service emissions resulting from higher power Limited, introduced India's first Battery Electric provider to offer sustainable workforce.
Under this cathode the needle moved to 13,782 attractive features too to draw in kWh/MT-Al, which is a 1.8% decrease with a At its core, the project sought to decarbonize commitment, we extend more users, with benefits like commensurate drop in the GHG emissions operations by replacing regular diesel-operated concessions that are both corporate discounts, preferential from the smelter.
In a first-of-its-kind initiative in the Indian with incentives ranging from certificates, zero cancellation fees, The initial investment made totalled INR mining sector, SK Mine has commissioned Normet 30% to 50% for the purchase fair pricing, courteous drivers, safe 3200 million and has resulted in total GHG Agitator SmartDrive EV in its underground mining of electric 4-wheelers and rides for female employees, and emission reduction of 0.26 TCO e/MT-Al operations.
Our future plans for further more BEVs – Normet SmartDrive Spraymec EV and reducing the emissions intensity include Normet SmartDrive Charmec EV – are queued for new technology in cathode lining to reduce commissioning at SKM after due approval from energy consumption beyond the 100% DGMS.
graphitization, identifying energy efficiency improve opportunities, and aiming for 995 Moving forward, we aspire to achieve carbon MW of green power usage by FY30.
62 --- PAGE 63 --- TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY 2023 COMMUNITIES THE PLANET THE WORKPLACE Aim 5 Achieving net water positivity by 2030 Key Material Issues One (HZL) of our four (HZL,IOB, Cairn Efficient water management can lower operational expenses, greater Water management and BMM) water positive operations lead to significant competitive resilience to sudden setbacks and is located in water-stressed areas advantage for the company given increased buy-in from the and in coastal regions, highlighting the importance of this resource as community.
We aim to be self-reliant in water use, recycling, responsible terms of our water demand and are To meet our sustainability goal of water treatment and discharge.
Thus, our water reduce the reliance on freshwater level water policy, which is for continuous operations.
Greater control over water applicable to all our operations, disrupt our production commitments, supply chains and less water-intensive technologies, supplies and the minimal use of businesses, and subsidiaries, with ultimately, our profitability.
Our water positivity ratio improved to 0.62 in comparison to 0.51 1
The Board’s ESG to safeguard water resources over the operational sites and the process involves Tool Version 4 (IWT 4.0), and also WRI's Committee regularly reviews the water-related lifecycle of an asset.
status of our sites, going through comparability and parity in assessment is targeted solution identification and assessments and performance metrics, ensured, leading to more effective implementation followed by periodic The business units are categorized based on evaluating future scenarios and taking remedial measures being designed and performance reviews.
The Group Head – HSE & the catchment level, over the lifecycle of an comparing the incoming risk likelihood score Sustainability updates the Board ESG Our stakeholder engagement standard, asset covering, but not limited to, physical, with the outcomes from the Water Risk Committee on long-term actions that the helps us to identify and prioritize regulatory, environmental/ ecological, Monetizer tool.
We ensure pollutants can pollute local water high-risk situations stringent policies that support the responsible water management by bodies, degrade water quality, and harm responsible and sustainable use of Through scenario analysis using RCP 4.5 measuring, monitoring, and reporting aquatic ecosystems.
By doing so, we have water conditions of each location where we given the increasing risk of cyclones over are regularly tracked and reported to been able to progressively reduce our operate.
Consequently, businesses, over the medium- to long-term, we anticipate a potential increase in local aspects of water withdrawals.
National Water Resource Strategy proposes Produced Water (D) 37,451,655 40,564,901 40,775,601 37,109,961 constructing several dams on the Orange HZL has adopted the approach of conserving River and this could reduce the supply of water Seawater (E) - - - - fresh water with a strategic focus on the available to our plant.
(H=A(i) + B + C(iv) - G) plants at BMM to reduce water usage; and the Initiatives like rainwater harvesting, storing upgrading of water balances to allow the water during the wet season and utilizing it deployment of an online water management during the dry season are some of the system through which water performance can proactive measures underway to reduce Water consumed and recycled (million m³) be managed.
It aims to become a five times water-positive company and reduce 25% Water stewardship pledge Fresh Water Consumption Recycled/rused water freshwater consumption by 2025.
√ Impact: 0.01 m3/MT at Jharsuguda come as a beacon Through various initiatives and of hope for our business and the investments, the smelter has successfully industry at large.
We have The cumulative savings are to the tune of minimized its water footprint, maximized ambitious plans of amplifying and 0.06 m3/MT of water and has positively water reutilization, and reduced its optimizing these positive results contributed to the overall water specific water consumption.
We efficiency of the smelter. intend further increasing the The milestone has been achieved through rainwater utilization through the several initiatives, and these are: installation of a lift pump in the Magnetic float valve installed in all end users' SWPH Reservoir, with a target of Sintex tanks to minimise water wastage • Installation of storm water utilization achieving 0.04 m3/MT savings.
system to increase usage of recycle Additionally, plans are underway water Fire Water line placed above ground to to install Reverse Osmosis (RO) √ Benefits achieved: Reduction of minimize the fire water leakages and Multiple Effect Evaporator freshwater consumption (MEE) systems with a capacity of 200 cubic meters per hour √ Impact: 0.03 m3/MT (m3/HR).
Aim 6 Innovating for a greener business model Key Material Issues Waste Management Waste management, Tailings management, Air emissions & quality, Biodiversity & ecosystems Our waste management Waste management principles founded framework follows the principles of on generating less waste minimization, optimization and circularity, to create low-waste trail operations, generate the maximum Reduce waste at source The world relies on the metals and mining of pollutants.
In biodiverse areas, mining benefit from production processes, significantly lower industry to provide inputs for its progress can lead to habitat destruction, operational costs and comply with Reduce toxicity through and help it transition to more carbon-light biodiversity loss and displacement of national and international waste treatment ways of living.
We balance In adherence with the principle of Recover waste for reuse environment, often leading to the release these conflicts through our business minimization, our attempt is to produce less waste by volume and model which seeks to optimize what we to also reduce its toxicity.
A large area, as both these categories carry high material and we have a target of utilizing 0.5 includes.
Aligned with our ESG the cement industry.
alignment with the guidelines set by • We are partnering with research institutions International Council on Mining and Metals to develop options for utilizing jarosite as a Recycling mineral wastes (ICMM) and IFC (International Finance plaster, and a pilot is currently underway.
This project aims to find 33% of the jarosite generated was used for innovative ways to repurpose and make various purposes like constructing roads, productive use of red mud, further and also creating enhanced use in cement consolidating our circularity initiatives.
Given our commitment towards zero waste waste), jarosite (from zinc smelting), slag, lime grit (process residues from smelters and aluminium refineries), and to landfill, we aim to utilize all non-hazardous waste.
On change for the cement sector as this for natural and mineral resources and and turning waste to resource underlies our journey towards becoming ‘zero-waste’ cement alternative offers all the properties decreasing fuel consumption, thereby our vision of Transforming Together and such innovative use of overlooked partnering in India’s transition to a of cement without its high carbon saving costs.
Additionally, at our sites to meet its Net Zero commitments and 2022-23, this plant faced a problem as it hazardous waste that we are liable to manage, there is pre-existing accumulation of through our ‘Transforming Together’ witnessed a cost escalation in the zinc sulfide handle and store as per Hazardous Waste around 20 MMT of red mud, which focus we are collaborating in making this detector (ZSD) process due to the rising prices Management Rules, 2016.
2 4 Meanwhile for construction of roads, Clearly, a cost-effective alternative had to be The following steps were involved before a materials like soil and aggregate found else profitability would be significantly full-fledged transition to in-house Na SO 2 4 materials are traditionally used.
The success of this waste valorization initiative highlights the immense potential significant social, safety, and environmental that innovative ‘waste’ recovery and reuse carries in terms of resource challenges across the entire lifecycle of Tailings Management Facilities (TMF) are extremely conservation, cost control, business profitability and reduced industrial footprint.
At 300 70% Vedanta, we remain fully cognizant of these grave 58% 60% 250 48% risks and are deeply committed to implementing a 50% 200 stringent framework for meticulous tailings 40% 150 management.
30% 30% 30% 100 20% 20% Our management approach includes: 50 5% 10% 85 124 128 254 222 • Comprehensive risk assessments for scoping, 0 0% Apr’22 May’22 Jun’22 Jul’22 Aug’22 Sep’22 assessing and outlining the different kinds of risks and their solutions; Na SO salt consumption 2 4 • Deployment of robust engineering and design practices to ensure that the structures that house the tailings are strong, secure and weather and region-appropriate; • Conducting of regular monitoring and inspections, and preparation of detailed emergency response plans.
After the successful completion of this standalone risk assessment, we are better Total Number Number of facilities able to align our TMS with the GISTM Managing slurry water for reuse and of Facilities categorized as "high risk potential" methodology.
These impacts of commitment to ensuring No-Net-Loss or management of biological resources.
These economic activity, unless mitigated in a Net-Positive-Impact (NNL/NPI) stems from challenges encompass various aspects, this belief, as we responsibly manage our Recently we have completed a including potential disruptions to our core assets throughout their productive life and comprehensive assessment of the impact production materials, complexities within then ensure their safe revegetation and of our operations on biodiversity across 52 our supply chain, and associated economic natural reclamation.
Given the importance of this assessment aligns with evolving this category of risks, they are integrated Our biodiversity management programme biodiversity and nature-related frameworks into our overall risk management framework.
considers certain critical parameters to like Taskforce on Nature-related Financial In this way we ensure that a comprehensive achieve the objectives of biodiversity Disclosures (TNFD) that require companies and holistic approach is taken to identifying conservation across the project life cycle – to assess biodiversity impact using the and addressing these potential risks within from initial development to following criteria: our operations.
Locate: This involves identification of and mitigate these risks and their impacts The programme is spearheaded by the high-risk biodiversity sites, across all our operations, fostering a more Biodiversity Community of Practice, which sustainable and responsible approach to • Evaluate: This involves understanding the ensures proper implementation at every resource utilization and conservation.
operations on nature, and Aligning with international standards and The parameters that we consider are: • Prepare: This involves developing frameworks for effective evaluation strategies and action plans to address • Taking a comprehensive approach to As India leads the world’s economic growth nature-related issues managing land use in critical habitats.
75 --- PAGE 76 --- TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY 2023 COMMUNITIES THE PLANET THE WORKPLACE The TNFD framework is spread across these As a part of our NNL commitment, we have Our targets as change drivers three phases.
HZL implementation of measures to conserve and biodiversity impacts engages in IUCN's Leaders for Nature restore biodiversity elsewhere, and to claim of our operations by programme, while Zinc International works these as offsets, ensuring overall positive implementing with IUCN to ensure strict adherence to the biodiversity impact for our operations.
This is comprehensive No Net Loss principles at Gamsberg, the crux of our roadmap for achieve Net ecological restoration situated within the Karoo Biosphere Reserve Positive Impact.
Our Commitment Base-lining biodiversity and preparing for • Committed to achieving No-Net NNL/NPI Loss at our project operations by See appendix for our IUCN red list To systematically address the issue of implementing the mitigation biodiversity conservation and long-term rehabilitation and reinstatement of our hierarchy of avoiding, minimising, mines, it is very important to have a baseline and restoring the direct impacts reference of biodiversity conditions.
Identification of areas and species under threat by the STAR tool Our deep commitment to minimizing negative impacts of our operations is demonstrated by our use of evaluation metrics.
Accordingly, additional These include: helps to determine biodiversity risks and biodiversity management practices and measures necessary to 1) Ecosystems most likely to be impacted by daily operations, resulting impacts from a proposed project achieve our NNL goal are determined, designed and subsequently, in adverse impacts to proximate communities, construction and operations aspect, within a deployed.
These protocols are impact action plan; Biodiversity No net loss developed in alignment with global best values Biodiversity Biodiversity Biodiversity Biodiversity • Collection of data on the delivery of results practices and are constantly informed by our - impact impact impact impact and impacts according to the indicators No Net Loss vision, ensuring that the bigger identified in the logical framework/monitoring goal of neutralizing net impact on and evaluation activity/ programme; Restoration Restoration Restoration biodiversity over the longer term, remains consistent.
These luxuriantly, dense wetlands support approximately 150 species of avifauna, 52 species of butterflies, more than 5 species of Cairn has also committed to plant 15,000 mammals and snakes each, and hundreds of saplings of Khejari in the Thar desert species of insects, beetles, spiders.
The wetlands sensitive floral species of the Thar region Cairn’s long term objective is to increase are also enriching the soil beneath.
Our change initiative and subsequently became an high-density canopy created by the mangroves ecological, social as well as, economic short- to medium-term goal is to increase ongoing CSR initiative for the JV entity.
Non-compliance can result in our aluminium operations are being Air quality improvements fines, penalties, and legal monitored to align them with our consequences for the company and Environmental Management Operations/Units Activities (Policies/Technological interventions etc.) also disrupt regular operations.
2 drilling, processing, and processes to minimize our emissions VAL Jharsuguda Installation of Wheel Wash System transportation, all have an impact on and reduce our environmental Wheel Wash System improves the ambient air quality at Ash Handling Plant AHP air quality.
We have established & Coal Handling Plant CHP area during transportation has been improved and it impact.
82 --- PAGE 83 --- TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY 2023 COMMUNITIES THE PLANET THE WORKPLACE Our organization owes its six In this section decades of extraordinary growth to Aim 7 the commitment and • Prioritising safety and health of all employees resourcefulness of our employees.
We strive to make our workplace AIM 8 distinctive – by nurturing and rewarding talent, by maintaining • Promote gender parity, diversity, and inclusivity exemplary safety standards, by AIM 9 promoting diversity and equality across all levels and by always, •
To achieve these TRIFR goals, we are actively educating and equipping Transforming our employees, adopting state-of-the-art technologies, overhauling our safety the Workplace management systems and building in oversight and accountability at different levels.
83 --- PAGE 84 --- TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY 2023 COMMUNITIES THE PLANET THE WORKPLACE SDG Board POLICIES Board Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Policy, Board Diversity Policy Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, Supplier Code of Conduct, Nomination and ESG Committee Supplier and Contractor Management Policy Remuneration Committee STAKEHOLDERS IMPACTED Employees, Suppliers, and Investors Executive Management HSES Mancom HR Mancom TARGET Aim 7 Implementation Zero fatalities 30% reduction in TRIFR by FY 2025 No employee exposure (with FY 2021 as baseline) to red zones by FY 2030 Safety Community DEI Council of Practice (CoP) Implementation Aim 8 responsibility Equal Opportunity 20% gender diversity 40% gender diversity in leadership for everyone by (Full-time-Employees) roles (Full-time-Employees) by FY 2030 Health Diversity FY 2025 by FY 2030 30% gender diversity in decision- making 10% gender diversity in technical / shop-floor Injuries and Fatality Employee well being bodies (Full time -Employees) by FY 2030 roles (Full-time employees) by FY 2030 Emergency Response Inclusion Occupational Safety Employee engagement Aim 9 Zero governance Rubaru to be introduced at Continue to cover 100% issues by FY 2025 all Business Units across employees in code of Vedanta by FY 2025 conduct training Minimum 50% Independent Directors on 25% gender diversity on Board as per SEBI requirements FY 2025 the board FY 2025 84 --- PAGE 85 --- TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY 2023 COMMUNITIES THE PLANET THE WORKPLACE
The employees, foster positive performance against these standards Health, safety & well-being Our Commitment to Zero Harm relationships with local communities, is internally audited in keeping with the Under Aim 7 our focus on occupational investors, and customers.
Taking a no-compromise approach fully cognizant of the inherent risks that Unsafe work conditions can towards our safety commitment, we accompany the act of mining and we Creating a safe workplace for our employees that significantly impact productivity and, have also integrated the highest have built in processes and checks and consequently, have a negative effect international quality and occupational promotes and safeguards their health and balances within the system that can on the company's reputation.
and other allied stakeholders and strengthens our We administer our health and safety certifications like ISO 45001 and The implementation of Aim 7 is led by the processes through a well-defined OHSAS 18001.
We are also aligned reputation as a responsible and caring employer.
with supervisory oversight at the International Council on Mining and highest levels of the organization, and Metals (ICMM), whereby we not only In our overarching organizational vision of managerial control flowing down to ensure that our operations are safe, ‘Transforming for Good’ the Healthy and the functional leadership levels and with all proactive safeguards in place, Safety function has a central role to play to the site, plant and office staff.
We do Our comprehensive safety framework number of contractors as a part of this through regular assessments, integrates several aspects to ensure our regular workforce and similar audits, and through dedicated top-order safety compliance and health and safety practices are feedback mechanisms, learning from performance.
Currently, we are and safety incidents at the minimum All our operational facilities and sites in the process of updating these and to build, reinforce and maintain a have ISO 45001 and OHSAS 18001 standards and aligning them with very strong safety culture.
85 --- PAGE 86 --- TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY 2023 COMMUNITIES THE PLANET THE WORKPLACE Occupational Health and Safety Performance Safety Management Despite our ongoing efforts to achieve the We have identified three key levers for Each business unit CEO is personally ambitious goal of zero fatalities, in FY 2023 we enhancing our safety performance and responsible for specific risks, and a Our safety committees play a vital role in regrettably experienced 13 fatalities.
With the objective of These are: the process of standardizing risk investigations into each accident to identify creating a zero-harm work environment, we procedures, and uniform risk-specific the root cause and prevent recurrence, at any promote a safety-first culture where every • Critical Risk Management practices are soon to be rolled out cost.
Risk the top three causes of fatalities have been While our safety initiatives have All leaders are expected to exemplify the champions have been involved in the identified as man-machine interaction, vehicle successfully improved our injury rates, highest levels of safety discipline in their design and control of these driving, and structural stability.
This by the Group Executive Committee.
The Regular and comprehensive training is Further, design workshops on four initiative aims to identify and evaluate findings and conclusions from these conducted in various safety domains for all different risks have already been critical risks, as well as measure, investigations will then be promptly levels of our workforce to ingrain a safe work completed.
Our efforts include the favourable decrease in the frequency of successfully rolled out 6 critical risk installation of designated walkways recorded injuries within the organization.
Based organizational culture, communication understanding the causes and circumstances for Safety Investigations on their findings, recommendations are breakdowns, inadequate procedures, pattern of surrounding each incident.
investigations are being shared and cascaded has used each such setback to At Vedanta, we have developed multiple ICAM through an extensive training program, while progressively improve safety management.
ICAM follows a holistic approach that involves leaders across sites to investigate the fatalities specific learnings are being disseminated Our Incident Cause Analysis Methodology gathering information, analysing evidence, and that have occurred this year.
The method emphasizes the need to by the esteemed Group Executive Committee.
continuous improvement and heightened incident, and this team conducts the ICAM look beyond immediate causes and uncover Their collective expertise and insights have awareness within the organization.
partners – to help improve and evolve our Council.
initiates discussions and sets Forum with Group CEO: Empowering Enablon analytical capabilities allows the We have successfully implemented the into motion activities that aim at Dialogue: Engaging with Leaders examination of historical data, helping us to Enablon platform, which is a leading integrated recalling the circumstances of We have recently introduced Group CEO verify our analysis against past trends and software solution for effective risk these incidents, their causes, townhalls, providing a monthly opportunity further enhance our understanding of management.
associated learnings, and ways incidents, leading to more effective significantly support the management of our This platform serves as a valuable space of prevention.
By utilizing and obtaining senior management insights Based on last 10 years’ data, we have Enablon, we can ensure transparent reporting, on safety matters.
Within these townhalls, developed a matrix of recommendations thereby facilitating a culture of continuous we recognize and celebrate Safety Heroes specifically addressing considerations for improvement within our organization.
improvement areas so that the most pressing safety measures can be Our subsidiary, BALCO has implemented, and future incidents successfully introduced a digital prevented.
At Vedanta, we follow uncompromising safety weather, the LPS automatically switches off sensitive and high-value emergency exits, fire extinguisher locations, and standards, and stay alert to emerging hazards to ensure electrical assets to auxiliary power, until safe conditions return.
Safety patroller schedules are workplace incidents and through Mixed Reality technologies to train periodically uploaded onto a web portal for easy improved financial returns.
They report their observations and at heights, without facing any physical the Vedanta Group and fills the training, which has reduced the number interactions through the web portal.
mentor, train, guide and promote our good-to-have goals to full scale In case of complaints of harassment, we talented women professionals so requirements, with targets and have appropriate mechanisms for that they earn their rightful place responsibilities attached across addressing such grievances, deterring within the organization.
To ensure that equality and diversity Vedanta has championed equality of remains an abiding organizational opportunities and diversity and priority that sees real-time inclusion within our company for we Awarded Great outcomes, we have integrated key firmly believe in its positive impact in Place to Work for performance indicators (KPIs) into making our people open to the second our Environmental, Social, and challenges, and helping enrich their consecutive year Governance (ESG) framework.
When At Vedanta we have put in place evaluating candidates with similar policies that ensure equal skillsets, we prioritize the inclusion of Gender Parity opportunities for all.
At the time of deserving women, in a bid to We have instituted a policy for lateral recruitment, and during their time as balance our workforce that has hires that mandates that 50% of all new an employee the organization historically been gender skewed due hires should be women, helping us assesses each individual strictly on to the paucity of women in the remain committed to our goal of the grounds of merit.
To ensure that we race, gender identity, sexual socio-economic factors.
Nationality We have implemented programmes designed valuable insights, advice, and expertise that to support and develop women professionals helps them navigate their career paths and to take on greater responsibilities and overcome challenges.
Through these India US Zambia interventions we provide targeted mentoring, We provide an overview on some of our 91.91% 0.03% 0.02% guidance, and support to a select group of leading initiatives in the area of workplace 91.32% 0.03% 0.02% women leaders.
The percentage went up 0.04% 0.02% 0.01% Development Program, V-Lead underscores from 7.7% in FY22 to 9.2% in FY23, which we 0.04% 0.02% 0.01% the organization's unwavering commitment to believe is a massive leap given the fact that promoting gender diversity, inclusion, and metal and mining sector has been a male Zimbabwe Namibia women's empowerment.
This initiative aims to empower women, elevate their professional status, and contribute to the Remuneration ratio of Female to Male Junior Management Level (M6 and Below) overall success and growth of the Vedanta Remuneration ratio of Female to Male Management Level (Middle Management) Group.
This program gave a very positive outcome, we were able to increase the share of women 94 --- PAGE 95 --- TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
At Vedanta, we employees enjoy peace of mind as they understand these needs and are are close at hand in case of need, while committed to making motherhood a they can simultaneously fulfil their smoother experience.
To ensure that all our eligible employees get to Our human resource practices are guided utilize the convenience of the onsite child by Vedanta's core value of Care and we care centres, HZL provides a fixed sum strive to create a supportive and inclusive as child-care contribution for the workplace that accommodates the various day-care of the child.
We offer flexible working hours to support new Breast-feeding/lactation facilities parents, recognizing the time and space they need to adjust to their new roles.
(as % of total junior management positions) % of all such managers (i.e. excluding support new mothers, empowering them to handle functions such as HR, IT, Legal, etc.)
These Paid parental leaves initiatives are diverse in nature, and include Vedanta provides paid parental leaves for 18% 12% 13% provision of onsite day care facilities for both primary and secondary caregivers, FY 2030 Target FY 2030 Target FY 2030 Target young children, breast feeding / lactation with 26 weeks of paid leave provided to 18.30% 9.20% 15.70% facilities, paid parental leaves, amongst female employees, 7 days to male Share of women in all Share of women in top management Share of women in STEM-related positions others.
FY 2023 COMMUNITIES THE PLANET THE WORKPLACE Three-tier approach to sensitization promotes Gender sensitisation programme helps to mainstream greater assimilation transgender hiring We have initiated a comprehensive sensitization To reinforce our commitment towards creating a LGBTQ+ talent.
Currently, we are proud to have campaign that focuses on various dimensions of discrimination-free and inclusive workplace and to promote 25 transgender employees who are an active Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI) supportive behaviour within our organization, we have launched part of the organization.
Creating a Transgender-Inclusive Workplace Vedanta provides support Employee with Disability Recruitment and Training Programs and specially-designed BALCO has successfully hired transgender employees in accommodations for our FY 22 various roles within the organization.
The company has disabilities (PwDs) are Business Partner with Disability supportive network for LGBTQIA+ employees.
walkways, braille-enabled the company has enacted other LGBTQIA+-friendly practices elevators, text-to-speech to ensure a welcoming atmosphere for such employees.
The company intends keeping the door wide open infrastructure improvements.
Additionally, we constantly provision of gender-specific facilities and amenities as part of reiterates its commitment to promoting equality, respect, and work at promoting awareness the transgender person's recruitment process.
Adhere to global business standards of corporate governance Key Material Issues Ethical lapses, such as fraud, bribery, ethical behaviour, and provides Statutory committees (Audit & Risk or non-compliance with laws and effective guidance for Vedanta's Management, Nomination & Business Ethics & Corporate Governance, regulations, can result in legal operations and strategy.
Effective corporate positive stakeholder relationships Stakeholders' Relationship Committee), governance is embedded in our code through a well-defined framework of that play a crucial role in executing their of business conduct and ethics policies, standards, procedures, and designated tasks on behalf of the Board.
Contributions Reporting Concerns VEDANTA LIMITED Vedanta upholds a strong commitment to ethical conduct and expects every Board Commmittees Conflict of Interest employee to adhere to the company's Code of Business Ethics and policies.
It is the responsibility of each Statutory Board Committees Prevention of Fraud employee to ensure that their own behaviour and that of their Audit & Risk Management Nomination & Corporate Social Stakeholders' subordinates align with these Committee Remuneration Committee Responsibility Committee Relationship Committee standards, and that any known or Fair Dealing suspected breach of the Code or applicable laws, rules, regulations, or Special Committees policies must be reported immediately Anti-Money Laundering to a supervisor.
In the case where ESG Commitee Share & Debenture Transfer Commitee Committee of Directors reporting to a supervisor is uncomfortable, employees have the By delegating specific matters to each of these committees, the Board ensures that sustainability option to use the Whistleblower Policy considerations are integrated throughout the organisation.
This approach ensures that global standards, Reporting Violations by anonymously reporting to strategies, business plans, and remuneration plans are designed to foster strong sustainability performance at all levels of the company.
The treatment of complaints within Vedanta thorough investigations, to providing A cybersecurity breach or data privacy In the era of digital advancements, Limited follows a systematic approach; from periodic reports to the relevant authorities incident can have severe financial and cybersecurity is imperative, given the addressing complaints and conducting and management by the following process: reputational consequences for Vedanta. interconnected nature of our global
It is no Assurance reviews the in the complaint are Assurance submits a report to the significantly impact the Company's longer a question of "if" a business will complaint and may expected to cooperate Audit Committee and any other bottom line and brand reputation.
Data face such threats, but rather a matter conduct the investigation with the investigator designated members of company privacy and cybersecurity are crucial to of "when."
By The Company deeply understands the investigation •
Through robust investigator measures and continuous efforts, the • Findings and recommendations Company strives to ensure the resulting from the investigation resilience and integrity of its information systems, minimising the risks posed by cyber threats.
In addition, an Online investigated by the Chief Information the BU’s Data Governance and Privacy well-defined KRA/KPI, in line with Vedanta’s Awareness Training Capsule is made Security Officer (CISO), and appropriate Officer (DGPO)/BU’s CISO and reviewed by Information Security Goals as part of their available on a self-service basis.
These incidents are (EXCO), Vedanta Group's Executive Security is carried out based on the sessions are also organised periodically, then tracked and resolved by the IT Committee (EXCO), the BU’s Audit & Risk following aspects: allowing voluntarily participation and Operations Team with guidance from the Committee, and Vedanta’s Audit & Risk self-nomination for further training.
Having a risk management system is crafted to ensure effective Evaluate system in place allows the Company to External Strategic management of risks that Vedanta’s identify, understand, and prevent or businesses are exposed to through minimise the occurrence of regular business-level review meetings, low-probability, high-impact accidents, and are conducted at least once every and emergencies with significant potential quarter.
By doing so, it businesses thoroughly review the aims to avoid potential liabilities or any identified risks, any changes in the risks that could limit or even lead to the M onitor nature and extent of major risks since loss of our license to operate.
The control measures outlined in the risk matrix are periodically reviewed by the business ESG Risk Governance management teams to ensure ongoing effectiveness.
The Committee of Directors (COD), led by experiences risks that are beyond operations, the Vice Chairman and Group CFO, Chaired by the CEOs of the respective compliance, and finance.
Hence, the responsibility of committee meetings are attended by the businesses, Risk Officers are appointed identifying and managing these risks is given CEO, business CFOs, Group Head Treasury, at each business level and at the Group to the Chief Risk Officer, who is the and BU Treasury Heads, depending on the level.
103 --- PAGE 104 --- TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY 2023 COMMUNITIES THE PLANET THE WORKPLACE There are several Group-level Management Emerging Risks Committees (ManComs) in place to address specific areas of focus.
Yet resource nationalism has also driven cracks with disputes aligned with management's performance goals arising first around the application of state aid to boost domestic For example, economic downturn in developed markets such as China have impacted global mining and processing industries.
It provides Company aims to maintain positive Empowerment Principles Committee of India assurance to the Board and its relationships with stakeholders, including stakeholders that sustainability local communities, regulators, and ASSOCHAM IUCN – Leaders for Nature
In FY 2023, INR 15.8 Safety Council (MHSC) Organisation (RDO) By actively addressing risks, embracing billion was spent on Vedanta’s strategic objectives, and membership fees to industry Association of Vodalife implementing mitigation plans, the and trade associations, and Mine Managers (AMMSA) Company strives to maintain positive sponsorships to the events relationships with stakeholders and ensure organised by these Recycling and Environment SEEDs the long-term success of the organisation.
Vedanta recognises the workers, and employ radiological age Environmental significance of this task and is committed to identification processes to detect and Sustainability high-risk implementing dedicated strategies and address any instance of child labour programmes to mitigate these risks.
It is crucial to trainings in place for their workforce ensure that the Company works with reliable 3)
Anti-corruption & bribery and business ethics When screening potential suppliers, Vedanta 4) Environment, Social and Governance considers their performance on, business, misconducts resulting in disruption in Sector: Specific Risks considered Human HSE, human rights and climate change by supply chain rights, air emissions and climate change assessing it against the criteria, such as the “A” category suppliers are critical suppliers for our business leadership commitment to performance in 106 --- PAGE 107 --- TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
To ensure training sessions are specifically designed to approach to determine the need for • Management capability, including the consistency, we have streamlined a enhance safety awareness and practices additional due diligence or risk audits for methodological approach for assessing ability to meet regulatory among our business partners and its business partners.
To of Conduct - including HSE criteria, Supplier and Contractor Management familiarising them with the best industrial ensure responsible sourcing, especially MSA (Modern Slavery Act) compliance, outlines the fundamental components of practices.
On-site Assessment: Vedanta conducts rights abuses, risks related to security annual third-party on-site assessment for forces, support to non-state armed its significant suppliers to understand groups, money laundering, tax evasion, whether the suppliers are compliant with bribery, and fraudulent social and environmental regulations misrepresentation of material origins.
This committee ensures that the BUs and Vedanta and its subsidiaries actively Issue or Topic Corporate Description of Total Spend sustainability teams have a clear participate in stakeholder discussions Position Position / Engagement in FY 2023 understanding of the Group's climate with industry bodies and trade change and sustainability targets, and that associations.
During these Enhancing domestic Support Working with government INR 6,540,000 they are performing in accordance with engagements, the Company ensures market share of primary authorities/policy makers/regulators/ these objectives.
This internal that perspectives are aligned with metals made in India to industry bodies fortify raw material communication and coordination Vedanta’s climate change commitments, security and self guarantee Vedanta’s long-term strategy is which are applicable to all our group sufficiency on effectively disseminated within the mineral front.
As members of these platforms, the Vedanta's Chief Operating Officers (COOs) Company strongly advocates for Indian across multiple businesses actively industries to make ambitious climate participate in the Energy & Carbon commitments, aligned with the country's Community of Practice (CoP).
Company’s alignment with the evolving climate change scenario.
This platform To ensure effective decision-making and ensures a clear dissemination of Vedanta’s alignment on climate change matters, climate change strategy to BUs and serves Vedanta's Group Executive Committee as the foundation for their engagement (Group ExCo), which serves as the apex with trade associations and policymakers.
body for all organisational decisions, 108 --- PAGE 109 --- TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY 2023 COMMUNITIES THE PLANET THE WORKPLACE Human Capital Development Enriched quality of life Our workforce plays a pivotal rolein the effective implementation of our Our focus is on providing the necessary To foster a sense of community and resources, opportunities, and support provide recreational opportunities, strategic goals and in executing sustainable business performance.
people analytics: strategic workforce commitment of making the best We have talent development initiatives, planning, retention analysis, evaluation of opportunities available to our internal designed to ensure that employees INR 59.54 skill gaps and skill transformation.
These initiatives processes ensure optimum utilization of through our job rotation policy.
In FY23, a few of our number of to achieve our talent management and businesses conducted a first time ever employees employee productivity goals.
To minimize engagement survey specifically targeting attrition risk, some of our businesses freshers (<1 year of experience) and upskilled have started to create a 3-level performed a similar analysis based on succession plan for all critical roles their responses.
tools and platforms like Synergita and Darwinbox, • Ensure diversity in front-line decision-making These individuals underwent varied kind employee which help us to analyse gaps and periodic trends.
We are also supported by our project management experiences.
Business Acumen, Volume, Cost, R&R, By taking a well-structured, data based approach HSE, Business Partner Management, • Facilitate cross-business and location to the different aspects of workforce planning and Best Practices, Data Analytics, movements, thereby exposing emerging management, we ensure that our talent pipeline Digitization and other qualitative leaders to diverse environments and remains equipped to handle the demands of a information.
Promoting learning for transformational growth This unique initiative helped us in Capacity Building of Senior Management on ESG identifying young talent and elevating The commitment of our leadership and the them to significantly higher roles thus, engagement of our employees play a crucial role in catering to aspirations and ambitions of advancing our ESG initiatives.
By raising awareness and sensitivity among our employees, we hope to cultivate a culture of sustainability and align our collective efforts towards achieving our ESG goals.
At Vedanta, we conducted the Gallup Study to survey performance incentives that we offer to our ensure SMARTER (Specific, Measurable, Our recently launched Emerging Leaders employee satisfaction.
The performance management process is well integrated with our business goals and strategic FY 2023 Succession Planning priorities, with employee KPIs being aligned with 84 We have recently completed our most our business targets.
We have achieved this by utilizing against a set of predefined goals, set in a combination of internal job postings consultation with their respective line 112 --- PAGE 113 --- TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
FY 2023 COMMUNITIES THE PLANET THE WORKPLACE Employee Wellbeing Employee Support Programmes Employee well-being encompasses a range Some other employee wellbeing initiatives These programmes aim to raise of programs that span across our Business include: awareness about the effects of stress on Our employee support programmes the body, provide resources, and support Units, extending support not just to prioritize the well-being of employees, • Annual health check-ups, covering a employees in maintaining their mental employees but also to their families.
These wide range of meditation courses that • Reimbursement ofthe cost of well-being diverse array of wellness aspects to be programmes aim at fostering employee have been designed to help individuals packages utilized by employees focused on every month.
Various initiatives • Company sponsored multi-course meals remarkable level of employee engagement are provided at our facilities, with each have been implemented to ensure the • To promote employee fitness, we provide they have generated, ultimately resulting in meal being carefully designed to address well-being of employees and aid in sports and fitness facilities across our elevated levels of involvement and both diverse dietary preferences and workplace stress management.
Regular tournaments commitment.
include providing access to comprehensive and events are organized, fostering a healthcare facilities, offering wellness • Various stress management programmes sense of camaraderie and encouraging Emotional Well-being: Our commitment to employees to lead an active lifestyle.
programmes and resources, and fostering a are organized across our different emotional well-being is showcased through supportive and inclusive workplace culture.
our observance of World Mental Health Day By investing in employee well-being, across the Group.
This approach ensures the preservation of their own Career Development Initiatives operational efficiency while upholding the However, considering Vedanta's position in catering to their specific talent pools.
Not Applicable Not Applicable 2 Category 15- Investments TCO e Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable 2 Scope 3 was recalculated in FY 2022-23 and we have included Category 12 emissions this year and restated the information for the same for last two years Top 3 scope 3 emission sources (FY23) Business Unit 1st
Business Generation Recycled/ Reused Landfilled Incinerated with Incinerated w/o Otherwise disposed energy recovery energy recovery Aluminium 404,894 383,745 8,677 - 279 3,278 Copper Business 3,110 2,968 - - - - Iron Ore Business 77 59 - - 1.9 - Oil and Gas Business 34,086 43,124 - - - - Port Business 2.15 1.44 - - - - Power Business 75.6 91.87 - - 6.46 - Steel 245.3 239 13.34 - - - Zinc India 93,578 50,779 37,771 - - - Zinc International 83.5 60.7 15 - 21 - FACOR 1,089 1,071 - - 1.94 - Total (Vedanta Ltd.) 537,241 482,138 46,477 - 310 3,277 125 --- PAGE 126 --- TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY 2023 COMMUNITIES THE PLANET THE WORKPLACE Mineral Waste Unit FY20 FY21 FY22 FY23 Mineral waste generated – Waste rock MT 14,135,872 2,251,677 100,921 110,427 Mineral waste generated - Tailings MT 15,059,116 18,710,338 18,667,036 26,442,334 Mineral waste repurposed/reused MT 14,135,872 2,251,677 204,840 318,264 Total mineral waste disposed MT 15,059,116 18,710,338 18,571,046 26,234,497 Geochemically reactive mineral waste: 0% Environmental Investment and Savings (FY23) Capital Expenditure on environment Operating expenses on Savings from water Savings from energy Total Savings environment environment conservation programs conservation programs ₹5,469,143,522 ₹13,563,742,012 ₹ 144,418,432 ₹ 4,668,899,248 ₹4,813,317,680 Environmental violations* Unit FY20 FY21 FY22 FY23 Number of Violations reported during the year Number 0 0 0 0
Junior management level Male: Female Ratio of average Basic Salary 0.81 1.18 1.17 Ratio of average Renumeration 0.81 1.24 1.14 131 --- PAGE 132 --- TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY 2023 COMMUNITIES THE PLANET THE WORKPLACE Employee Training FY21 FY22 FY23 Male Female Male Female Male Female Total Training Hours - Full-time Employees 351,610.20 66,632.80 252,468.39 48,383.39 3,22,003 94,896 Average Training Hours for FTEs 23.23 34.87 16.95 24.66 21.91 39.76 Periodic assessment of all employees Employee assessment and review Percentage Coverage FY 23 Employee undergoing periodic assessment and review 100% Employee undergoing multi assessment 2.55% Employee Well-being FY20 FY21 FY22 FY23 FY23 target % of employees with top level of engagement, - 80 83 84 90 satisfaction (% of satisfied employees) % of employees who responded to the survey - 67 73 76 Training & Development FY 23 Employee Training Male Female Total Average hours per FTE of training and development 21.91 39.76 24.3 Average amount spent per FTE on training and development (INR) 1,094.73 1,877.40 1204.1 Employee Development Programs Name of the program % of FTEs participating in the program V-Lead 13.9 Emerging Leaders Program 18 132 --- PAGE 133 --- TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
makers/regulators/ industry bodies 133 --- PAGE 134 --- TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FY 2023 COMMUNITIES THE PLANET THE WORKPLACE Procurement Spend on Suppliers FY 23 Procurement budget INR (millions) % spent Total procurement budget spent 868,761 100% Total procurement budget spent on suppliers belonging to same country 618,235 75% Total procurement budget spent on suppliers belonging to same state 351,160 43% Total procurement budget spent on suppliers belonging to same district 139,402 17% Supplier Screening Supplier Screening FY 23 Total number of suppliers 5,572 Total number of Tier-1 suppliers 4,682 Total number of significant suppliers in Tier-1 1,099 % of total spend on significant suppliers in Tier-1 67% Total number of significant suppliers in non Tier-1 58 Total number of significant suppliers (Tier-1 and non Tier-1) 1,157 Supplier Assessment Supplier Assessment FY 23 Total number of suppliers assessed via desk assessments/on-site assessments 1,986 % of significant suppliers assessed 81% Number of suppliers assessed with substantial actual/potential negative impacts 298 % of suppliers with substantial actual/potential negative impacts with 1.07% agreed corrective action/improvement plan Number of suppliers with substantial actual/potential negative impacts that were terminated) 0% 134 --- PAGE 135 --- TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
No. omitted omitted GRI 2: General Disclosures 2021 2-9 Governance structure Aim 9: Adhere to global and composition business standards of corporate governance, 2-1 Organizational details Vedanta at a Glance, Pg.
313 2-30 Collective bargaining Right to Freedom of agreements Association, Pg 46 2-22 Statement on In Conversation with the sustainable Group CEO & Chief Safety 3-1 Process to determine Stakeholder Engagement, Pg 24-26 development strategy Officer, Pg 11 material topics Approach to Materiality Assessment, Pg 27-30 2-23 Policy commitments Upholding integrity and accountability through policy infrastructure, Pg.
99 201-3 Defined benefit plan Integrated annual report Policy Advocacy, Pg 105 obligations and other FY 23, Pg.412-414 Code of Business Conduct retirement plans and Ethics, Vedanta Policies & Practices, 201-4 Financial assistance We do not receive any Vedanta Sustainability received from financial assistance Framework government from government 2-25 Processes to Risk Management and 203-1 Infrastructure Aim 2 remediate negative Controls, Pg 103-105 investments and Empowering over 2.5 million impacts Compliance Management, services supported families with enhanced skillsets Stakeholder Engagement, Aim 3 Grievance Mechanisms Uplifting over 100 million women and children through education, nutrition, healthcare and welfare, Pg 49-51 2-26 Mechanisms for Reporting concerns, seeking advice and Pg 99-100 CSR Spend, Pg 127 raising concerns 137 --- PAGE 138 --- TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
No. omitted omitted 203-2 Significant indirect Aim 2 Energy economic impacts Empowering over 2.5 million families with enhanced skillsets 3-3 Management of Aim 4 Aim 3 Material Topics Net Zero Carbon by 2050 Uplifting over 100 million women and or sooner, Pg 54-55 children through education, nutrition, Energy and Carbon Policy healthcare and welfare, Pg 49-51 302-1 Energy consumption Energy consumption 204-1 Proportion of spending Highlights Transforming within the within the organization, on local suppliers Communities, Pg 5 organization Pg 115-117 Local Procurement, Pg.
63 207-3 Stakeholder engagement Vedanta TTR FY 23, Pg. 18-19 and management of 303-1 Interactions with water Aim 5 concerns related to tax as a shared resource Achieving net water positivity by 2030, Pg 63-65 207-4 Country-by-country Vedanta TTR FY 23, Pg.
73-74 G4-MM3 Total amounts of Tailings Risk Potential 305-7 Nitrogen oxides (NOx), Air Emissions, Pg 120-121 overburden, rock, FY 2023, Pg 74 sulfur oxides (SOx), tailings and sludges and other significant and their associated air emissions risks 11.2.4 Reporting on climate Vedanta TCFD Report adaptation, resilience, FY 23 Supplier Environmental Assessment and transition 308-1 New suppliers that Supply Chain were screened using Management, Pg 106-107 environmental criteria Supply Chain, Pg 134-135 Waste 3-3 Management of Waste Management, 308-2 Negative Supply Chain material topics Pg.
No. omitted omitted 403-4 Worker participation, Safety Performance, Pg Labour/Management Relations consultation, and 89-90 communication on Vedanta Safety Standards 3-3 Management of Human Rights, Pg 44-47 occupational health Material Topics and safety Integrated annual report 2022-23, Pg.307-310 402-1 Minimum notice Employee level M3 or periods regarding below: 8 weeks 403-5 Worker training on Employee and Business operational changes occupational health Partner Training, Pg 87 Employee level M2 above: and safety 12 weeks Integrated annual report 2022-23, Pg.43, 79, 307 Occupational Health and Safety 403-6 Promotion of worker Safety Performance, 3-3 Management of Our commitment to zero health Pg 89-90 material topics harm, Pg 85 Integrated annual report 2022-23, Pg.307-310 403-1 Occupational health Aim 7: Prioritising safety and safety and health of all 403-7 Prevention and Safety Performance, management system employees, Pg. 85-87 mitigation of Pg 86-90 occupational health
110 skills and transition Employee Development assistance programs Programs, Pg 132 Child Labor 404-3 Percentage of Periodic assessment of all employees receiving employees, Pg 132 408-1 Operations and Human Rights, Pg 44-45 regular performance suppliers at significant Supply Chain Management, and career risk for incidents of Pg 106-107 development reviews child labour None of our operations and suppliers are exposed to risk of child labour Diversity and Equal Opportunity Forced or Compulsory Labour 3-3 Management of Aim 8: Promote gender material topics parity, diversity and inclusivity, Pg.
422 Local Communities Customer Privacy 418-1 Substantiated Reporting on Breaches, 3-3 Management of Aim 2 complaints concerning Cybersecurity, Pg 135 material topics Empowering over 2.5 million breaches of customer families with enhanced privacy and losses of skillsets customer data Aim 3 Uplifting over 100 million women and children through education, nutrition, healthcare and welfare, Pg 49-51 413-1 Operations with local Managing community community relations through engagement, impact consultation framework, assessments, and Pg 41 development Active community programs engagement, Pg 127 413-2 Operations with Managing community significant actual and relations through potential negative consultation framework, impacts on local Pg 41 communities Active community engagement, Pg 127 Supplier Social Assessment 414-1 New suppliers that Supply Chain were screened using Management, Pg social criteria 106-107 Supply Chain, Pg 134-135 414-2 Negative social Supply Chain impacts in the supply Management, Pg chain and actions 106-107 taken Supply Chain, Pg 134-135 143 --- PAGE 144 --- TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING TRANSFORMING SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
FY 2023 COMMUNITIES THE PLANET THE WORKPLACE UNGC Index Principle Section Page No. Human Rights Principle 1 Businesses should support and respect the Human Rights 44 protection of internationally proclaimed human Human Rights Policy rights; and Principle 2 Make sure that they are not complicit in human Human Rights due 44 rights abuses diligence process Human Rights Policy Labour Principle 3 Businesses should uphold the freedom of Right to freedom of 46 association and the effective recognition of the association right to collective bargaining; Principle 4 The elimination of all forms of forced and Human Rights 44 compulsory labour; Principle 5 The effective abolition of child labour; and Human Rights 44
Aim 8: Promote gender 93 parity, diversity and inclusivity Environment Principle 7 Businesses should support a precautionary Transforming the Planet 52-53 approach to environmental challenges; Principle 8 Undertake initiatives to promote greater Transforming the Planet 52-82 environmental responsibility; and Principle 9 Encourage the development and diffusion of Transforming the Planet 52-82 environmentally friendly technologies.